[Produced by Pete Rock and Poke of Trackmasters]

[Intro]
Fuck all y'all, hoes
Get a grip, motherfucker
Yeah, this album is dedicated
To all the teachers that told me I'd never amount to nothing
To all the people that lived above the buildings that I was hustling in front of
That called the police on me
When I was just trying to make some money to feed my daughter
And all the niggas in the struggle
You know what I'm saying
It's all good baby baby

[Verse 1]
It was all a dream
I used to read Word Up! magazine
Salt-n-Pepa and Heavy D up in the limousine
Hangin' pictures on my wall
Every Saturday Rap Attack, Mr. Magic, Marley Marl
I let my tape rock 'til my tape popped
Smoking weed on Bambu, sipping on Private Stock
Way back, when I had the red and black lumberjack
With the hat to match
Remember Rappin' Duke? Duh-ha, duh-ha
You never thought that hip hop would take it this far
Now I'm in the limelight cause I rhyme tight
Time to get paid, blow up like the World Trade
Born sinner, the opposite of a winner
Remember when I used to eat sardines for dinner
Peace to Ron G, Brucey B, Kid Capri
Funkmaster Flex, Lovebug Starski (wassup)
I'm blowing up like you thought I would
Call the crib, same number same hood (that's right)
It's all good (it's all good)
And if you don't know, now you know, nigga

[Hook]
You know very well who you are
Don't let 'em hold you down, reach for the stars
You had a goal, but not that many
Cause you're the only one, I'll give you good and plenty

[Verse 2]
I made the change from a common thief
To up close and personal with Robin Leach
And I'm far from cheap, I smoke skunk with my peeps all day
Spread love, it's the Brooklyn way
The Moet and Alizé keep me pissy
Girls used to diss me
Now they write letters cause they miss me
I never thought it could happen, this rapping stuff
I was too used to packing gats and stuff
Now honeys play me close like butter play toast
From the Mississippi down to the east coast
Condos in Queens, indo for weeks
Sold out seats to hear Biggie Smalls speak
Living life without fear
Putting 5 karats in my baby girl's ear
Lunches, brunches, interviews by the pool
Considered a fool cause I dropped out of high school
Stereotypes of a black male misunderstood
And it's still all good
Uh ... and if you don't know, now you know, nigga

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
Super Nintendo, Sega Genesis
When I was dead broke, man I couldn't picture this
50-inch screen, money green leather sofa
Got two rides, a limousine with a chauffeur
Phone bill about two G's flat
No need to worry, my accountant handles that
And my whole crew is lounging
Celebrating every day, no more public housing
Thinking back on my one-room shack
Now my mom pimps a Ac with minks on her back
And she loves to show me off, of course
Smiles every time my face is up in The Source
We used to fuss when the landlord dissed us
No heat, wonder why Christmas missed us
Birthdays was the worst days
Now we sip champagne when we thirsty
Uh, damn right I like the life I live
Cause I went from negative to positive
And it's all...

(It's all good)

...and if you don't know, now you know, nigga
[Intro: Puff Daddy]
Hello, aw shit nigga, what the fuck time is it
Oh goddamn, nigga do you know what time it is
Aw shit, what the fuck is going on
You alright, nigga what the fuck is wrong with you

[Verse 1: The Notorious B.I.G.]
When I die, fuck it, I wanna go to hell
Cause I'm a piece of shit, it ain't hard to fucking tell
It don't make sense, going to heaven with the goodie-goodies
Dressed in white, I like black Timbs and black hoodies
God'll prolly have me on some real strict shit
No sleeping all day, no getting my dick licked
Hanging with the goodie-goodies lounging in paradise
Fuck that shit, I wanna tote guns and shoot dice
(You talking some crazy shit now, nigga)
All my life I been considered as the worst
Lying to my mother, even stealing out her purse
Crime after crime, from drugs to extortion
I know my mother wished she got a fucking abortion
She don't even love me like she did when I was younger
(Get a hold of yourself nigga)
Sucking on her chest just to stop my fucking hunger
I wonder if I died, would tears come to her eyes
Forgive me for my disrespect, forgive me for my lies
My baby mother's eight months, her little sister's two
Who's to blame for both of them
(Naw nigga, not you)
I swear to God I want to just slit my wrists and end this bullshit
Throw the Magnum to my head, threaten to pull shit
(Nigga what the fuck)
And squeeze, until the bed's completely red
(It's too late for this shit man)
I'm glad I'm dead, a worthless fucking buddha head
The stress is building up, I can't
(Yo, I'm on my way over there man)
I can't believe suicide's on my fucking mind, I wanna leave
I swear to God I feel like death is fucking calling me
Naw you wouldn't understand
(Nigga talk to me please, man)
You see it's kinda like the crack did to Pookie, in New Jack
Except when I cross over, there ain't no coming back
(Yo, I'mma call you when I get in the car)
Should I die on the train track, like Ramo in Beat Street
People at the funeral fronting like they miss me
My baby momma kissed me but she glad I'm gone
(Put your girl on the phone, nigga)
She knew me and her sister had something going on
I reach my peak, I can't speak
(Yo, you listening to me motherfucker)
Call my nigga Chic, tell him that my will is weak
(Eyo c'mon nigga)
I'm sick of niggas lying, I'm sick of bitches hawkin'
Matter of fact, I'm sick of talking
(BANG)

[Puff Daddy]
Ayo Big, ayo Big

[Outro]
*Heartbeat slowing*
Please hang up, and try your call again
[Verse 1]
To all the ladies in the place with style and grace
Allow me to lace these lyrical douches in your bushes
Who rock grooves and make moves with all the mommies?
The back of the club sipping Moët is where you'll find me
The back of the club, macking hoes, my crew's behind me
Mad question asking, blunt passing
Music blasting, but I just can't quit
Because one of these honeys Biggie got to creep wit'
Sleep with, keep the ep a secret, why not?
Why blow up my spot cause we both got hot?
Now check it: I got more mack than Craig and in the bed
Believe me sweetie, I got enough to feed the needy
No need to be greedy, I got mad friends with Benzes
C-notes by the layers, true fucking players
Jump in the Rover and come over, tell your friends jump in the GS3
I got the chronic by the tree

[Hook]
(I love it when you call me big poppa)
Throw your hands in the air, if you's a true player
(I love it when you call me big poppa)
To the honies getting money playing niggas like dummies
(I love it when you call me big poppa)
If you got a gun up in your waist, please don't shoot up the place! (why?)
Cause I see some ladies tonight that should be having my baby, baby

[Verse 2]
Straight up honey really I'm asking
Most of these niggas think they be macking, but they be acting
Who they attracting with that line, "What's your name, what's your sign?"
Soon as he buy that wine, I just creep up from behind
And ask what your interests are, who you be with
Things that make you smile, what numbers to dial
You gon' be here for a while?
I'm gon' go call my crew, you go call your crew
We can rendezvous at the bar around 2
Plans to leave, throw the keys to Lil Cease
Pull the truck up front, and roll up the next blunt
So we can steam on the way to the telly, go fill my belly
A T-bone steak, cheese eggs and Welch's grape
Conversate for a few, cause in a few, we gon' do
What we came to do, ain't that right boo? (True)
Forget the telly, we just go to the crib
And watch a movie in the Jacuzzi, smoke L's while you do me

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
(How you living, Biggie Smalls?) In mansion and Benzes
Givin' ends to my friends and it feels stupendous
Tremendous cream: fuck a dollar and a dream
Still tote Gats strapped with infrared beams
Chopping O's, smoking la in Optimos
Money, hoes and clothes: all a nigga knows
A foolish pleasure? Whatever
I had to find the buried treasure, so grams I had to measure
However living better now, Coogi sweater now
Drop top BM's, I'm the man, girlfriend

[Interlude: Puffy]
Honey, check it
Tell your friends to get with my friends
And we can be friends
Shit, we can do this every weekend, aight?
Is that aight with you?
Yeah....keep bangin'

[Hook]
[Chuck D]
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9

[Intro]
It's the ten crack commandments, what?
Nigga can't tell me nothing about this coke
Can't tell me nothing about this crack, this weed, my hustlin' niggas
Niggas on the corner I ain't forget you niggas, my triple beam niggas

[Verse 1]
I've been in this game for years, it made me a animal
There's rules to this shit, I wrote me a manual
A step-by-step booklet for you to get
Your game on track, not your wig pushed back
Rule Numero Uno: never let no one know
How much dough you hold cause you know
The cheddar breed jealousy 'specially
If that man fucked up, get yo' ass stuck up
Number 2: never let 'em know your next move
Don't you know Bad Boys move in silence and violence?
Take it from your highness
I done squeezed mad clips at these cats for they bricks and chips
Number 3: never trust nobody
Your moms'll set that ass up, properly gassed up
Hoodied and masked up, shit, for that fast buck
She be laying in the bushes to light that ass up
Number 4: I know you heard this before
"Never get high on your own supply"
Number 5: never sell no crack where you rest at
I don't care if they want a ounce, tell 'em "bounce!"
Number 6: that goddamn credit? Dead it
You think a crackhead paying you back, shit forget it!
7: this rule is so underrated
Keep your family and business completely separated
Money and blood don't mix like two dicks and no bitch
Find yourself in serious shit
Number 8: never keep no weight on you!
Them cats that squeeze your guns can hold jums too
Number 9 shoulda been Number 1 to me:
If you ain't gettin' bagged stay the fuck from police
If niggas think you snitchin' they ain't trying to listen
They be sittin' in your kitchen, waiting to start hittin'
Number 10: a strong word called "consignment"
Strictly for live men, not for freshmen
If you ain't got the clientele, say "hell no!"
Cause they gon' want they money rain sleet hail snow
Follow these rules you'll have mad bread to break up
If not, 24 years on the wake up
Slug hit your temple, watch your frame shake up
Caretaker did your makeup, when you passed
Your girl fucked my man Jake up
Heard in three weeks she sniffed a whole half of cake up
Heard she suck a good dick, and can hook a steak up
Gotta go gotta go, more pies to bake up, word up

Crack King, Frank Wiz-zhite

[Premier Scratching]
(1, 2, 3, 5, 6, 7, 8
1, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5
1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 2, 3, 4, 4, 5
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9
10.......10)
[Verse 1]
Hah, sicker than your average
Poppa twist cabbage off instinct
Niggas don't think shit stink
Pink gators, my Detroit players
Timbs for my hooligans in Brooklyn
Dead right, if the head right, Biggie there every night
Poppa been smooth since days of Underroos
Never lose, never choose to, bruise crews who
Do something to us, talk go through us
Girls walk to us, wanna do us, screw us
Who us? Yeah, Poppa and Puff (ehehehe)
Close like Starsky and Hutch, stick to clutch
Dare I squeeze three at your cherry M-3
(Take that, take that, take that, ha ha!)
Bang every MC easily, busily
Recently niggas fronting ain't saying nothing (nope)
So I just speak my piece, (c'mon) keep my peace
Cubans with the Jesus piece (thank you God), with my peeps
Packing, asking who want it, you got it nigga flaunt it
That Brooklyn bullshit, we on it

[Hook] x3
Biggie Biggie Biggie can't you see
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your flashy ways
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid

[Verse 2]
I put hoes in NY onto DKNY
Miami, D.C. prefer Versace
All Philly hoes, go with Moschino
Every cutie wit a booty bought a Coogi
Now who's the real dookie, meaning who's really the shit
Them niggas ride dicks, Frank White push the six
Or the Lexus, LX, four and a half
Bulletproof glass tints if I want some ass
Gonna blast squeeze first ask questions last
That's how most of these so-called gangsters pass
At last, a nigga rappin bout blunts and broads
Tits and bras, ménage à trois, sex in expensive cars
I still leave you on the pavement
Condo paid for, no car payment
At my arraignment, note for the plaintiff
Your daughter's tied up in a Brooklyn basement
Face it, not guilty, that's how I stay filthy
Richer than Richie, till you niggas come and get me

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
I can fill ya wit real millionaire shit (I can fill ya)
Escargot, my car go, one sixty, swiftly
Wreck it buy a new one
Your crew run run run, your crew run run
I know you sick of this, name brand nigga wit
Flows girls say he's sweet like licorice
So get with this nigga, it's easy
Girlfriend here's a pen, call me round ten
Come through, have sex on rugs that's Persian
Come up to your job, hit you while you working
For certain, Poppa freaking, not speaking
Leave that ass leakin, like rapper demo
Tell them ho, take they clothes off slowly
Hit em wit the force like Obi, dick black like Toby (Obi...Toby)
Watch me roam like Gobi, lucky they don't owe me
Where the safe show me, homie

[Hook] x3
[Intro: Bone Thugs-n-Harmony]
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie [x8]

[Notorious BIG]
Armed and dangerous, ain't too many can bang with us
Straight up weed, no angel dust,  label us "Notorious"
Thug ass niggas that love to bust, it's strange to us
Y'all niggas be scrambling, gambling
Up in restaurants with mandolins and violins
We just sitting here tryna win, try not to sin
High off weed and lots of gin
So much smoke need oxygen, steadily counting them Benjamins
Nigga you should too, if you knew what this game'll do to you
Been in this shit since '92, look at all the bullshit I been through!
So-called beef with you-know-who
Fucked a few female stars or two
Nigga, blue light, nigga, move like Mike, shit
Not to be fucked with
Motherfucker better duck quick cause
Me and my dogs love to buck shit
Fuck the luck shit, strictly aim
No aspirations to quit the game
Spit your game, talk your shit
Grab your Gat, call your clique
Squeeze your clip, hit the right one
Pass that weed, I got to light one
All them niggas, I got to fight one
All them hoes, I got to like one
Our situation is a tight one
Whatcha gonna do: fight or run?
Seems to me that you'll take B
Bone and Big, nigga: die slowly
I'mma tell you like a nigga told me:
"Cash Rules Everything Around Me"
Shit...lyrically, niggas can't see me
Fuck it, buy the coke
Cook the coke, cut it
Know the bitch 'fore you caught yourself loving it
Nigga with a Benz fuckin' it
Doesn't it seem odd to you?
Big come through with mobs and crews
Goodfellas down to the Mo' Thugs dudes
Who's the killer, me or you?

(We forgive you, for you know not what you do)

[Bizzy]
7 A.M., woke in the morning
With Hen' and caffeine and green and nicotine
No dough, so pop a couple of doze
Lil' RIPsta, nigga Mista Clean
Nigga Dean, deep in my temple and not to get
Sentimentally steamed with my
Instrumelody, and heated
Especially for your team
And a .45, indeed, will beam
In between the scenes. Destroy your dreams
You willing to die? We'll see
How many flee when I cause the scene
We mean mug, Mo' Thugs
Trained to be perfect disciples
When it's survival, tongue is a double-edged sword
Triple six rivals spitting fire
This the real truth, bitch
Breaking out for lies
My Messiahs better be ready for Armageddon, shit's expired
It's wild, bless the child
The one that became a man
Put in positions off in the Clair
All that I had to do was stare
Test me now. Contender - never no surrender, no pretend
Pick up my pen, in my hand
One of my trusted friend-friends, hey
Open it! Let's see if we're real, we all suited
Beg my pardon to Martin
Baby we ain't marching, we shooting!
In daily recruiting there's a thug born
Everyday in the ghetto
We start em off little, we give em a bible
And a pen and a pad to hit the label, kick it

[Krayzie]
Nigga roll with Bone up into the Thug spot
To the dome with a shot of bird
Never get tossed to the curb
Be feeling that urge to splurge
But I'm broke as fuck, Sin, gimme that Mossberg swerve
Up into my bag, cause I gotta get my mask and shells
To put in this 12-gauge sawed-off
Get 'em hauled off, nigga your loss, take it all off
Got a nigga caught off
But the Bone not Leatherface, too many are thinking they thugs
And little Mo Hart want to pull it and bust it
And bitch: if you steppin' we buckin' them guts, that's fucked up
Now let me get done with the grime
Gotta go purchase a dime
Put in a state to get done with the crime
Smoking the reefer to ease my mind
Swig some wine, step on the block with the rocks
But really we be serving em dummies, see?
Gotta buck him on down if he come back talking
Like "gimme back me money"
Thugging with me killers
Need us a liter of liquor but niggas ain't got shit
With a sawed-off pump, chrome .38 pistol
Now who ready to get bent?
Nigga like me fiending for them green leaves
But I ain't had no dough
Gotta make some money, so
I'm making my dummy rocks if I go broke

[Hook]
Just Bone and Biggie Biggie, we gonna rock the party
Rock the party, party
Just Bone and Biggie Biggie, better run and tell everybody
Everybody, everybody

Let's ride let's ride let's ride let's ride
Get high, get high, get high, c'mon
Let's ride let's ride let's ride let's ride
Get high, get high, get high

[Layzie]
Yeah, Little Lay, hey, coming in the form of scripture
Finna get you and hit you with magic
Droppin down lead but I call it my gadgets
With an automatic-status, we spray, time to load the Glocks
But I'm thinking not
There's another evil force tellin' me to do what I gotta do
So I up my pipe, a nigga dyin' tonight
And I'm always running from the boys in blue
Biggie, blue’s on my ass, pull out the cellular phone to call Bone
"What's happenin'?"
Grab artillery, a nigga start packing
Cause a motherfucker tried to get me in a jackin, and I did him
Hit him right between the eyes, the spot was wise
Wanna test a nigga size, it'll cost him
Nigga fuck around with the wrong shit
Y'all get mo' murdered all day, all day
We done paved the way and I'm on the run
I'mma call my boys and bring all the guns
Y'all niggas wanna have a little fun with #1?
Bloody red red - rum rum rum rum rum rum
That red red rum rum rum rum rum rum
That red red rum

[Hook x2]
[Intro: Answering Machine]
All you hoes calling here for my daddy, get off his dick
Like that mommy?

*beep*

Hi Daddy, how you doing, this is Tyiest. I was thinking about you last night. Mm you actin' like you can't call me no more cause you busy n all that, but you trying to tell me it wasn't good?

*beep*

That shit is real fucked up what you did! I hooked you up with my girl and shit you fucked her every time you see her, you don't even say shit to her, you know what I'm saying! And all that bitch do is call me all day talking about you, "why the fuck Big don't want me?"

*beep*

Yo Big this is Quita, Kenya told me she saw you and Shanie at the mall and I know you ain't fucking her. You fucked with me last night, that's my best friend and we don't get down like that!

*beep*

Yeah motherfucker this is Stephanie. I was waiting outside for your ass for like a fucking hour. I don't know what's going on, motherfuckers trying to rob me, you be disappearing and shit, and I'm waiting in the cold. What the fuck is going on? When you get in give me a fucking call alright?

*beep*

[Verse 1: Biggie]
When it comes to sex, I’m similar to the Thrilla in Manila
Honeys call me "Bigga the Condom Filler"
Whether it’s stiff tongue or stiff dick, Biggie squeeze it to make shit fit
Now check this shit:
I got the pack of Rough Riders in the back of the Pathfinder
You know the epilogue by James Todd
Smith -- I get swift with the lyrical gift
Hit you with a dick, make your kidney shift
Here we go, here we go, but I’m not Domino
I got the funk flow to make your drawers drop slow
So recognize the dick size in these Karl Kani jeans
I wear thirteens -- know what I mean?
I’ll fuck around and hit you with the Hennessy dick
Mess around and go blind, don’t get to see shit
The next batter, here to shatter your bladder
It doesn’t matter: skinny or fat or light-skinned or black
Baby, I drop these Boricua mamis screaming ¡ay papi!
I love it when they call me Big Poppa
I only smoke blunts if they rolled proper
Look, I gotcha caught up with the drunk flow
Fuck tae kwon do, I tote a .44
For niggas getting mad cause they bitch chose me
A big black motherfucker with G
You see, all I do is separate the game from the truth
Big bang boots from the Bronx to Bolivia
Getting physical like Olivia Newt
Tricks suck my clique dick all day with no trivia
So give me a ho, a bankroll and a bag of weed:
I’m guaranteed to fuck her ’til her nose bleed
Even if your new man’s a certified mack
You’ll get that H-Town in ya: you want that old thing back

[Hook - Total]
Oh, Biggie, give me one more chance
(I got that good dick, girl, you didn’t know?)

[Verse 2]
Is my mind playing tricks, like Scarface and Bushwick
Willie D, having nightmares of girls killing me
She mad because what we had didn’t last
I’m glad because her cousin let me hit the ass
Fuck the past: let’s dwell on the 500SL, the E&J and ginger ale
The way my pockets swell to the rims with benjamins
Another honey’s in the crib? Please, send her in
I fuck non-stop, lick my lips a lot
Used to lick the clits a lot, but licking clits had to stop
‘Cause y’all don’t know how to act when the tongue go down below
Peep the funk flow
Really, though, I got the cleanest, meanest penis
You never seen this stroke of genius
So take off your Tim boots and your body suit
I mean the spandex -- and hit my man next
Sex get rougher when it come to the nut buster
Pussy crusher, black nasty motherfucker
I don’t chase 'em, I replace 'em, and if I’m caressing 'em I’m undressing 'em
Fuck what you heard, who’s the best in New York
Fulfilling fantasies without that nigga Mr. Roarke or Tattoo
I got you wrapped around my dick, and when I nut I got to split (shit)
Backshots is my position, I got you wishing for an intermission
Fuck the kissin'
Lick you down to your belly button, I ain’t frontin’
They don’t call me big for nuttin’
All of a sudden

[Hook]
[Intro: Diddy]
Yeah, hey yo Nelly
Let's do this

[Hook: Notorious B.I.G.]
At, at, at last I'm literally loungin' Black
Sittin back count double digit thousand stacks
At last I'm literally loungin' Black
Sittin back count double digit thousand stacks

[Verse 1: Nelly]
Got a bad bitch with me, she in the Valentino
Half black and Filipino I let her count casinos
Her under apple bottom all Lou and Sean John
A hundred on every arm, hundred more in my charm, tell 'em Puff

[Bridge: Diddy]
Let your mind, let your body and your soul go
It's alright, get your money stacked more dough, tell 'em Puff
Pick a day, get your girl, come and play
You know my motherfuckin' name
You know my motherfuckin' name

[Verse 2: Nelly]
How 'bout we hop in the Monte Carlo tomorrow
We'll ice the bottles in the ocean with the goggles
And act like you won the lotto
Lamborghini, Vergato my matchin' on the throttle
My motto is snatch, your motto with my latto is a lot

Insane my game is like James
Kobe or maybe Dwayne Wade
Fresh shades Alexander Mcclain's
Bottles of Rosay, some rockin OJ's, tell 'em Puff

[Bridge]
Let your mind, let your body and your soul go
It's alright, get your money stacked more dough, tell 'em Puff
Pick a day, get your girl, come and play
You know my motherfuckin' name
You know my motherfuckin' name

[Hook]
At last I'm literally loungin' Black
Tip back count double digit thousand stacks
At last I'm literally loungin' Black
Tip back count double digit thousand stacks

Tip back count double digit thousand stacks
Tip back count double digit thousand stacks
Tip back, tip back, tip back, tip back, tip back
Count double digit thousand stacks

[Verse 3: Nelly]
I kick in the door wavin' the fo fo
All you heard was derrty, don't hurt 'em no more
Well fuck that, I'm takin' my reign back
So take that, so take that, tell 'em Puff

[Bridge]
Let your mind, let your body and your soul go
It's alright, get your money stacked more dough, tell 'em Puff
Pick a day, get your girl, come and play, come on
You know my motherfuckin' name
You know my motherfuckin' name

[Verse 4: Nelly]
I pull up to the party Bacardi smokin' cigary
With the baddest little shawty
Cause shawty love to get naughty
Dollar after dollar you niggas might wanna holler

I'll cinch your lil doller out, did ya with a comma, hey
Keep time AP shine, we fly only in G5, she's fine
Yep she mine, puttin' the peace high hoppin' for BI

[Diddy]
Let your mind, let your body and your soul go
It's alright, get your money stacked more dough, tell 'em Puff
Pick a day, get your girl, come and play
You know my motherfuckin' name
You know my motherfuckin' name

[Hook]
At last I'm literally loungin' Black
Tip back count double digit thousand stacks
At last I'm literally loungin' Black
Tip back count double digit thousand stacks

Tip back count double digit thousand stacks
Tip back count double digit thousand stacks
Tip back, tip back, tip back, tip back, tip back
Count double digit thousand stacks

[Verse 5: Nelly]
Now watch ya wanna do, you fuckin' with a baller
A St Louis prowler you can hate me
She gonna fuck with me regardless
We be a flawless all this, tell 'em Puff

[Bridge]
Let your mind, let your body and your soul go
It's alright, get your money stacked more dough, tell 'em Puff
Pick a day, get your girl, come and play
You know my motherfuckin' name
You know my motherfuckin' name

[Verse 6: Nelly]
Stackin' papers contagious, buildin' paper skyscrapers
Stuntin' outrageous, comin' straight out the matrix
Hustle lil mommy countin' papers my hobby
Throw in up the tachycardia down the streets of Miami

My neck gold, the bling is real gold
It came rolled and made to hang low
And the bank roll is made to stay swoll
You ain't fold more paper than cringold

[Hook]
At last I'm literally loungin' Black
Tip back count double digit thousand stacks
At last I'm literally loungin' Black
Tip back count double digit thousand stacks

Tip back count double digit thousand stacks
Tip back count double digit thousand stacks
Tip back, tip back, tip back, tip back, tip back
Count double digit thousand stacks, let's go
[Puff] You aight Big, give 'em about 16 bars
[Big] Set it off like this

[Notorious B.I.G.]
All you niggas better leave the fuckin state, no need to masturbate
Fuckin with Biggie, it's time to castrate.. it's clobberin time
When I rip rhymes I quench thirsts like Very Fine
And I'm still thirsty - niggas wanna hurt the six-pack maniac
Coke, tecs, and macs black
Check the stacks, what the fuck?
I throw uppercuts like Riddick Bowe
And I'm wicked with the slow-flow, y'know?
I'm pressin hard, I'm leavin creases
Cuttin up bodies and talkin to the pieces
If there's beef, I'm eatin meatless
Touch the bone, hit the dome, Al Capone
Get stoned off the blunt when it's filled with the skunk
Get drunk, and do a demolition to punk
And all chumps, that scream that my shit don't thump
They catch lumps and bumps, I'll put a shake in your rump
[Intro - Notorious B.I.G.]
19, 1970 somethin', 1970 somethin'
19, 70 somethin', 1970 somethin'
1970 somethin', 1970 somethin'
1970 somthin'

[Verse One - Notorious B.I.G.]
1970 somethin'
Nigga I don't sweat the date, my moms is late
So I had to plan my escape, out the skins
In this world, the fly girl
Tanqueray or Hennessy until I called Earl
Ten months in this gut, what the fuck
I wish moms would hurry up so I could get buck
While, Juvenile rippin' mics and shit
New York, New York ready for the likes of this
Uh, then came the worst date, May, 21st
2:19 is when my mama's water burst
No spouse in the house, so she rolls herself
To the hospital, to see if she could get a little help
Umbilical chord's wraped around my neck
I'm seein' my death, and I ain't even took my first step
I made it out, I'm bringin' mad joy
The doctor looked and said "He's gonna be a Bad Boy."

[Hook - Notorious B.I.G.] w/ vocals from Faith Evans
1970 somethin', 1970 somethin'
1970 somethin', 1970 somethin'
19, 70 somethin', 1970 somethin'
19, 70 somethin', 1970 somethin'

[Verse Two - The Game]
Would 'Pac be alive, if you let 'Pac drive?
Swear to God, to reverse, that I'll give my Left Eye
With the right I'll visualize the king of Bed-Stuy
Checkin' his daughter, Tyanna into junior high
If I was in Brooklyn and B.I. was still alive
In 2006, it might sound like this
NY, 7-1-8's, 2-1-2's
With Sue's rendezvous, it's like Moulin Rouge
High fashion, uptown Air Force Ones and Vasquez
Puerto Ricans with fat asses
Blazed dutch masters, we dump ashes
On models in S classes for you bastards
Catch a cab to Manhattan, with that Broadway actin'
You hype, that Belly shit'll get you capped and wraped in plastic
Tell the captain to ask Rog' What's Happenin'?
I hear, nor speak no evil inside the magnum

[Hook - Notorious B.I.G.] w/ vocals from Faith Evans
1970 somethin', 1970 somethin'
1970 somethin', 1970 somethin'
19, 70 somethin', 1970 somethin'

[Verse Three - Notorious B.I.G.]
Now I'm thirteen, smokin' blunts makin' cream
On the drug scene, fuck the football team
Riskin' ruptured spleens by the age of sixteen
Hearin' the coach scream, made my lifetime dream
I mean, I wanna blow up, stack my dough up
So school, I didn't show up, it fucked my flow up
Ma' said that I should grow up, and check myself
Before I wreck myself, disrespect myself
Put the drugs on the shelf, nah, couldn't see it
Scarface, king of New York, I wanna be it
Rap was secondary, money was necessary
Until I got incarcerated, kinda scary
Seat 74, Mart 8 set me straight
Not able to move, behind a great steel gate
Time to contemplate, damn, where did I fail?
All the money I stacked, was all the money for bail

[Outro - Notorious B.I.G.] w/ vocals from Faith Evans
19, 70 somethin'
19, 70 somethin', 1970 somethin'
1970 somethin', 1970 somethin'
1970 somethin'
Nine, 1970 somethin'
1970 somethin', 1970 somethin'
1970 somethin'
Nine, teen, seventy, somethin'
1970 somethin'
[The Notorious B.I.G]

Yes it's me, the B.I.G
Competition ripper ever since 13
Used to steal clothes was considered a thief
Until I started hustlin' on Fulton Street
Makin' loot, knockin' boots on the regular
Pass the microphone I'm the perfect competitor
Jewels and all that, my clothes is all that
Chumps steppin' to me, that's where they took a FALL at!
B.I.G. without burner, that's unheard of
I stay close to mine like Tina on Turner
Quick to smother, a punk motherfucker
Undercover, word to mother, I'm above ya
And I love ya, cause you're a sweet bitch
A crazy crab, you might make my dick itch
I flow looser than Luther, words ya get used ta
B.I.G. is a born trooper
Like ice cream I scoop ya, my music you wanna get loose ta
Stay pimp, and I'm not a booster
So what'cha got to say? This mackin' word is bond
There's no other assumption, I got it going on
I'm not conceited, my friends tell me this
Even my mother, be noddin' her head to this
Makes her proud to see her one son get loud
Flip on a sucker, and bow to the crowd
Drink a little Hennessy, smoke a blunt or 2 or 3 or 4
Live in action, guaranteed RAW (dumb ass nigga)
[Intro: Biggie Smalls]

Ready nigga? Ready for that raw dog shit nigga?
Okay,Alright
Let me see how im gonna hit you with
You wanna set it off?

[Verse 1: 2pac]

I'm scared to do some freestyle
Flow
I'm too high
And I might go of tempo
But now I'm back to let these niggas know just how
Deep
My game run
2Pacalypse don't sleep
I keep a motherfucking Glock in my car if I'm holding in the club
I gotta be the fucking star
So everybody wanna smile, and raise they hands
I got a razor, case I gotta
Do a necks (next) man
Cause you know how niggas be
They wanna see if Pac is real
Or is he like that nigga in the movie
I guess I gotta prove my point
Slicin' motherfuckers now I'm doing the joint
I got my nigga B-I to the G beside me
Bitches on my dick you know the hoes wanna ride me
And my other homies out here like Spike Lee
They got the camera on a nigga guess they like me
But now I'm bout to pass this motherfucker on
Cause this Tanqueray is getting hella strong

[Verse 2: Biggie Smalls]

Uh,Uh
Money, hoes and clothes blunt smoke coming out
The nose is all a nigga knows, flippin' on foes, puttin' tags on toes
Watchin' the stash grow, clockin the cash flow, the neighborhood grave digger
Gettin' paid so much all the bitches wanna see a nigga,I guessed they figured im
Paid i wanna get laid or since i got loot i wanna knock boots,huh, i rather beat
My dick then trick and if she dont suck then we dont fuck huh, I rather lick a buck drive a
Fatass truck grab the nine two clips and run them up,yes, flex out the 2 or 3 benz's since i
Wreck shit,what the fuck do you expect it, a fly guy, well fuck it imma' high guy from bed-stuy
Puttin' the swellin' on your eye and your nose even, when I choke ya you stop breathin'
And when police come, I'm leavin'
[Red Hot Lover Tone]
For all my motherfucking niggas, word to Herb we get stupider
Running mad circles round your crew like Jupiter
Oops, I mean Saturn, rappers sadden
Cause I'm mad in the pad and suckers wish they had and
I'm bagging the bitches grabbing, my pockets fatten
Like Madden, then I just lamp like Aladdin
So what you gonna do when I come through your town
With mad niggas who love being locked down
Facing convictions, throwing conniptions
I got more bitches than them royal Egyptians
Step to this mic you're a goner
Cause Red Hot Lover's right on like Cynthia Horner
I better warn ya, you'll get your ass kicked, I'm blasted
That's it, I drop it like a clumsy black bastard
I'm getting figures from my rap diggers
Got my shit-kickers, yo, this is for my niggas

[The Notorious B.I.G.]
Introducing the black bastard from Bedrock
Guaranteed to make your head rock, tote Glocks
Drop cops that mistake me for Rodney
Strictly head shots, I knock the twist out your dreadlocks
Who got the props? Biggie
Who got the Glock? Biggie
But who is he?
You can't get my description, you need a prescription
Two doses of the ferocious
Feel the weight when I'm crushing 'em, bumrushing 'em
Stuffing 'em, I put the pressure on em, hon
Lord a mercy, Jesus Christ
He's just nice, he just sliced like a Ginsu
Look what I been through, the Brooklyn streets
The obese thug nigga from the East
The black nine, hard to find motherfucker
After the rhyme press rewind, motherfucker
Strictly for my niggas

[Prince Po]
I nod my head cause the flavor hovers over
Universal Soldier of Hip Hop, somebody shoulda told ya
40 Projects Southside Jamaica Queens, please don't
Sleep I walk the unforbidden where most MC's won't
Check it, if you ever felt sceptic about my intellect, it's
Hectic, I'm like antiseptic on record
Disinfectant show wrecker, sound seizing your sector
Local areas, across seas, even in Rome and Mecca
I'm known, Prince, organizing with the Red Hot Lover
And the bad brother Biggie Smalls from another
Planet called Brooklyn, hey good looking
Do you like your hot chocolate after dark - uh
I'm scared to get you hooked in
You might have to seek medical attention, the unforgettable type
Representing my niggas rocking, rocking the mic right
Harcore M.O.P. type shit
Peace to my other half and my niggas doing bids

[Li'l Fame]
I used to start more shit than high school bullies
I was doing my thing since my nigga Boom Bang used to steal cars from police
I break niggas up like referees
Put em on point, back out my joint and making 'em move like refugees
Li'l Fame rep is Brooklyn bound
Still niggas that fuck around'll catch a beatdown from Brownsville
I'm going all out the western way
Old school or new school, I beat your ass like it's freshmen's day

[Billy Danze]
For y'all wannabe emcees F-A-G's
You gon' fuck around and make that nigga Bill squeeze
I'm representing for all mines with nines
Hardcore's in town, my niggas that get down
A hill figure on the trigger (true)
Your Crooklyn sounds got pounds and break through
Stopped puffing the lye, still sipping the brew
So I be on cruise when you snooze and then you lose

[Li'l Fame (unreleased mix only)]
It's Li'l Fame, motherfucker (slap, Little Mallet)
We bring you pain, motherfucker (slap, Little Mallet)
Cos I'm rugged no gimmick
And I'm taking rappers out like Uptown niggas be doing bitches on 125th and Lennox
I represent M.O.P., niggas that act stuck up they get stuck up
Or even fucked the fuck up
Peace to Tone, yo pass that blunt, hit this slicker
This is for my niggas

[Billy Danze (unreleased mix only)]
Yo hold me down, Fame (I got the pound)
Danze with the truck shit, that I don't give a fuck shit
I'm hitting niggas where it hurt, I do work
(I'm packing my blue steel) so you niggas hit the dirt
The M.O.P. we been busting out for days
Taking 'em through a phase, going out in a blaze
I'm out jail still holding my steel
(Bucka) Bow! Wargames representing this build
Brownsville, for my niggas

[Red Hot Lover Tone]
Word, and Red Hot Lover Tone tossing suckers like salad
Incredible vocabulary coming from the Brooklyn freak
Peace to Fulton Street
Knuckleheads'll get wrecked with the quick mic-check
My intellect shows no respect for suckers who slept
In fact my rap style attracts
I have your girl looking for me in broad daylight
With a flashlight, pillow, and mattress on her back
Cause yo shit is wack
So here goes the No-Doze, I'm putting it on foes who oppose
Coming off like porno pantihose
Peace to Organized Konfusion and B.I.G
The M.O.P., from R-e-d
For all my niggas in the NYC
Intro/Chorus:

Who's on the microphone? A BUNCHA NIGGAS! (repeat 3X)
I got my crew so other niggas better leave us alone

Chorus

[Third Eye]
The Group Home's down yo, flippin with West and me
Charge a gap quick kid, best believe it G
Oh, I like to flip the script and have a track record
Wreckin it swift, I'm tellin ya to heck with tell to get with the
Crazy hairy thinkin drinkin cripple drunken monkey
Style back alley freaky ass to gas technique
So peak, it's about to get deep, we just kick
Your Third Eye right open don't let your eyeball sleep
The next step is the check, let's tell theses niggas whassup
Cause we get freaky G, no you can't get with me
Save yourself the trouble step back black, and don't even bother
Word to Shop and Swift they get called in like I'm your father

Chorus

[Guru]
Aiyyo, it's time for me to flow and get down with this
I'm pullin out my mic, spittin off some rounds to this
I gotta known rep, so son you better slide out
Cause when I'm flippin, I'll be rippin your pride out
So called gangsters play roles like in the movies
Oughta save that, they're way bad, you could never do me
I'm real as they come, I'll beat ya numb with my vocal tones
Words hit like aluminum bats to your dome
No charges against me cause I'm jumpin the law man
A-men, punks should cancel their plans
As the invincible principle Gang, is gettin bigger
Sayin peace to the Heavster rollin with a buncha niggas

Chorus

[The Notorious B.I.G.]
I bring drama like ya, spit on my momma
Cannibalistic, like that nigga Jeffrey Dahmer
I'ma head peeler, girl stealer
Coffin sealer, ex-drug dealer, HUHHHHHH!
When I hit you with the blow of death I leave nothing left
I cook you up so quick they call me Biggie Smalls the Chef
My burner's in my left, I'm not the type to fight
I'm blowing up quick like a stick of dynamite
So call nine-one-one, Biggie's got a gun
The gat to your back, I'm smoking everyone
Quick to pack, quick to squeeze on the trigger
Who's in the house? HUHHHHHH! A buncha niggas!

Chorus

[Rob-O]
Like yo, beg your pardon, whoa
When I put one to the head nuff funk shit startin
Fine, so I headline for the public
Get mine for my rap subjects
Packed with potential, wisdom versatile elements
To quench your sense, I get down so feel the mental
Rhyme pro I'm Rob-O, the super spectacular
Brown skinned junior from Africa
Blowin up so it's, possible to freak
See the highlight, in fly writing, don't give a [fuck]
I split when it's through then it's get with the Guinness brew
And give a shoutout to my Uptown crew and still I'm wreckin

Chorus

[Heavy D]
Yo, here I go, here I go, here comes the man again gain
Ruff with a pad and pen, so run go tell your friends
It's the big belly babalu boogaloo big, boy
And I got plenty honies there's no need for no sex toy
Free me, slavery, let me go oh no no no
No longer will you treat my beautiful sisters like they're filthy hoes
Never ran from static men to crew get dramatic
And I get crazy respect from crazy crews with automatics
Now push could come to shove because they love the way I flip a skip
And that's what keeps me kinda popular with all the honeydaps
So look at me now, and tell me who is bigger?
When I'm on the block I'm with my flock and I'm rollin with a buncha niggas

Chorus

[Busta Rhymes]
Well HELLO HI! HELLO HELLO! How ya doin?!
HI! Hello hi HEY, how ya doin?! Voltronic!
Busta Rhymes comin with the mad ultrasonic
Esophagus to rock it, wreckin niggas need to stop it
You get your style busted that's just what they get for comin
You want some?! Yes I know you want some of the TALENT!
But you can juice up, and em-otionally get wicked
To stick it, in your inner groove watch a nigga kick it
Ohh hah! Yo Bee, Busta Rhymes
Be my niggan, never muggin, only lovin and huggin
My niggas, as we get bigger we come diesel
As masculine figures, L.O.N.S. we gettin thicker with a buncha niggas!
YESS!

Chorus 2X
[Intro]
It was all a dream

[Refrain: Faith Evans]
Last night I had a dream
Thoughts was racin through my head, it was all a dream
Felt so real to me
This is what was said

[Verse 1: Jay-Z]
Had a dream I said
Bout who he said
Bout B.I.G. I said
That's big he said
Dig what he said, proceed he said
Indeed I said, so
Breathe I did
Don't repeat what I say I said, he said nothing
He agreed with his head
He just nodded like this
What I believe to be a yes I repeated what was said
It came to me like a whisper last evening I said
What's the deal playboy, was the greeting he said
First thing I wanted to know, what's the reason he was dead?
More money, more problems, better believe it he said
Careful what you wish for you might receive it he said
"I see" I said, "jealousy" I said
Got the whole industry mad at me I said
Then B.I. said, Hov remind yourself
Nobody built like you, you designed yourself
I agree I said, my one of a kind self
Getting stoned every day like Jesus did
What he said, I said, has been said before
Just keep doin your thing he said, say no more

[Refrain]

[Faith Evans]
Was it all a dream - tell me
Was it all a dream, was it a dream
Was it all a dre-eeee-eeeee-eeam
I gotta know {*"It was all a dream"*}
Was it all a dream - was it a dream
Was it all a dream, a dream
Was it all a dre-eeee-eeeee-eeam

[Verse 2: Notorious B.I.G.]
It was all a dream
I used to read Word Up! magazine
Salt-n-Pepa and Heavy D up in the limousine
Hanging pictures on my wall
Every Saturday, Rap Attack, Mr. Magic, Marley Marl
I let my tape rock til my tape popped
Smoking weed and bamboo, sipping on private stock
Way back, when I had the red and black lumberjack
With the hat to match
Remember Rapping Duke, duh-ha, duh-ha
You never thought that hip-hop would take it this far
Now I'm in the limelight cause I rhyme tight
Time to get paid, blow up like the ........
Born sinner, the opposite of a winner
Remember when I used to eat sardines for dinner
Peace to Ron G, Brucey B, Kid Capri
Funkmaster Flex, Lovebug Starsky
I'm blowing up like you thought I would
Call the crib, same number same hood, it's all good
And if you don't know, now you know, nigga

[Verse 3: Jay-Z, acapella]
I see I said, jealousy I said
Got the whole industry mad at me I said
Then B.I. said, Hov remind yourself
Nobody built like you, you designed yourself
I agree I said, my one of a kind self
Get stoned every day like Jesus did
What he said, I said, has been said before
Just keep doin your thing he said, say no more
[Diddy] (B.I.G.)
Uh-huh...
This that Dirty Money..
Uh-huh...
(Uh..Uh..) It's that Dirty Money

[The Notorious B.I.G. - verse taken from "My Downfall"]
Uh, ain't no shook hands in Brook-land
Army fatigue -my fatigue, the enemies
Look man, you wanna see me locked up, shot up
Moms crotched up over the casket, screamin BASTARD
Cryin, know my friends is lyin
Y'all know who killed 'em filled 'em with the lugars from they Rugers
Or they Desert, dyin ain't the shit but it's pleasant
Kinda quiet, watch my niggas bring the riot..
Uh, uh, uh... (It's that Dirty Money...)

[Diddy]
Came from heaven just to sing a song for you...
To the rhythm of my love for you, and now it's beatin slow
And you know, this the ennnnd of the road
When I sing that slow song for you...
And love was nothin but another gun for you ('nother gun for you..)
And I would hide it in my helpless soul
I'm not afraid to go down the road where we go
I don't know, you can hear 'em callin, don't you?
When the angels call like..

[Hook: Diddy] (Dawn)
YOOOOOOOO-HOOO~!
If you don't wanna stay you can GOOOOO-OHH...
It seems love don't live here no morrre...
The angels are flyin so loooow, singin to you
(Don't you hear me callin you?)
He's the one you love... (cause I hear 'em callin me...)
And he's the one you trust... (...like our time is almost through)
Time is runnin out (There's nothin left to do)
When they're callin you...
When the angels call like.. (I answeeeeer)

[Diddy]
Falling....for yooooou...
I will tell the angels, "No"
Let 'em turn back into stone
I doooo... (I doo...) love yoooou... (love yoooou...)
It's true.... (It's true...)
Fire...climbing...
We ignore the angels' call!
They were warnings after all
It's cool... if I'm....
With you....
When the angels call like...

[Hook]

[The Notorious B.I.G. - verse taken from "My Downfall"]
Uh, uh, uh
Ain't no shook hands in Brook-land
Army fatigue -my fatigue, the enemies
Look man, you wanna see me locked up, shot up
Moms crotched up over the casket, screamin BASTARD
Cryin, know my friends is lyin
Y'all know who killed 'em filled 'em with the lugars from they Rugers
Or they Desert, dyin ain't the shit but it's pleasant
Kinda quiet, watch my niggas bring the riot..
Uh, uh, uh... (It's that Dirty Money...)

[Diddy - Outro (repeat 'til fade)]
When the angels call like...
[Big] Yeah, fuck you
[Kim] Fuck you too
[Big] Fuck you bitch
[Kim] Fuck you motherfucker
[Big] You ain't shit anyway, fuck you
[Kim] You ain't shit, you fat motherfucker
[Big] Yeah, whatever whatever, you wasn't sayin' that when you was suckin' my dick
[Kim] You wasn't sayin that when you was eatin my pussy, you a nasty motherfucker
[Big] Check it, uhh

[Refrain 1: B.I.G.]
What do ya do when yo' bitch is untrue
Do you cut that hooker off and find someone new
I need another bitch (another bitch), in my life

[Notorious B.I.G.]
I know he don't treat you like I treat you
Time to explain your game is see-through
Sex is lethal, I ain't gon' lie
Means to get ya back, I ain't gon' try
Like this y'all, my girl sucked anotha nigga dick y'all
Light skinned with the chromed out six y'all
Thought they was creepin, took trips to V-A every third weekend
While you was sleepin', he hit you on the box
Sixty-nine code non-stop
Shoulda left ya then, but my heart said not
You knew too much, the relationship grew too much
You knew about the crack vials, means to be trialed
Where I hid dough under the bathroom tile
Waited for a while, thought you was my right thing
Then things got frightening
Peep the scene, sorta like Sam Rothstein
Guess you Ginger, huh, go figure
Never thought you could be a gold-digger
Take my dough and spend with the next nigga
Asked my man Jigga, my ace boon coon
Told me cut the bitch off 'fore the shit balloon
Now I'm like Brandy, Sittin' in My Room
Pissy drunk listenin' to Stylistics tunes
Or the O'Jays, thinkin' bout the old days
My nigga's like, fuck that bitch, go play
Baller, when she beep you, don't call her
Guess who I seen, that freak bitch Paula
She was askin' bout ya whereabouts
Here's the digits, I know you can wear that out
Tear that out the frame, ya game so tight
We'll be all fucking tonight

[Refrain 2: Lil' Kim]
What do ya do when your man is untrue
Do you cut the sucker off and find someone new
I need another man, in my life

[Lil' Kim]
Member when you said you would die for me, shit
All of that was just lies to me
Motherfucker shoulda never said bye to me
Now you cry for me, like Jodeci
It's like that y'all, my nigga hit another bitch from the back y'all
Black nasty and mad fat y'all; shoulda seen the ho
Nigga pack your shit, you out the do', ohh
What about the fight in The Mirage
I seen ya Benz parked outside my sister's garage
Said it was your friend Rog, bullshit
I ain't gonna keep puttin' up wit the bullshit
And still I, never sweat these bitches
Who be hanged like plaques on the wall with your pictures
Scale them fishes, my love is concrete
Stashin' your heat in the passenger seat
Of the Nautica Jeep, we've been down for so long
Still a bitch like me tryin' to hold on
Teary eyed, damn a bitch steamin'
Girls steady screamin', Kim you need to leave him
When I testified in court
Couldn't think straight thinkin' bout the bitches I fought over you
Nigga have the shit you bought
And fuck you, movin' is my last resort
You see, nine outta ten niggas ain't shit
One outta five niggas suck a dick
You're mad at me, too bad she ain't as bad as me
Shoulda kept the freak bitch off my canapé
Now you see, ain't no pussy warm as mine
Long as mine, ain't no love as strong as this
When I sucked your dick, it's like smokin' a roach
Uhh, why go from first class to coach
[Intro: Notorious B.I.G.]
We here
We ain't going nowhere

[Diddy]
Y'all motherfuckers don't know what beef is

[Verse 1: Notorious B.I.G.]
Ha ha ha ha ha, check out this bizarre
Rapper style used by me, the B.I.G
I put my key you put your key in, money we'll be seeing
Will reach the fucking ceiling, check it
My Calico been cocked, this rap Alfred Hitchcock
Drop top notch playa hating won't stop
This instant, rappers too persistent
Quick to spit Biggie name on shit
Make my name taste like ass when you speak it
See me in the street your jewelry you can keep it
That'll be our little secret
See me B that is, I that is G whiz
Motherfuckers still in my biz
Hope they know my nigga Gutter fucking kidnap kids
Fuck em in the ass, throw em over the bridge
That's how it is, my shit is laid out
Fuck that beef shit, that shit is played out
Y'all got to go, all I make is one phone call
All y'all disapear by tomorrow
All your guns is borrowed, I don't feel sorrow
Actually your man passed the gat to me, now check this

[Hook: Notorious B.I.G.]
What's beef, beef is when you need two gats to go to sleep
Beef is when your moms ain't safe up in the streets
Beef is when I see you
Guaranteed to be in ICU
What's beef, beef is when you make your enemies start your Jeep
Beef is when you roll no less than thirty deep
Beef is when I see you
Guaranteed to be in ICU
Check it

[Verse 2: Havoc]
I done clapped at the best of them
Been caused the death of them
These dudes don't want no more, shit is affecting them
Tops popped off, them niggas from the bridge
Just be, wildlin' on you line that red dot on you, (take that)
Don't know or warn you, catch them all hogged up
Sober that ass up with clips, the ratchet spit
Number one with the buddhaka, henny-sour diesel
Ain't no telling what I do to ya
It's obvious ma you ain't fucking keep it moving ma

[Prodigy]
Pow, pow, pow, pow, pow they shot 'em in their cars
I wish I was there, I would of shot back all em'
They fire return fire put it right back on em'
Sacrifice myself for you no problem, (no problem)
In the flames I burn for my niggas that's gone
And the niggas that took the hits on my niggas you been warned
P's not the one, Hav not the one
You try to run up on us, we already busting the guns

[Hook]

[Biggie]
They'll be nothin but smooth sailing (talk to em)
When I spit shots, now your crew's bailing (y'all don't know what beef is)
All I got is heat and tough talk for you
Tie you up, cut your balls off just for you
Man this is straight torture, look what that slick shit bought ya (c'mon)
A first class ticket to Lucifer, real name Christopher (yea, Chris)
Watch me set it off like Vivica (c'mon that's right)
Here lies your demise, close your eyes (close your eyes)
Think good thoughts, die while your skin start to glisten
Pale blue hands get cold, your soul's risen (damn)
It's bad cause I just begun
What make the shit real bad I was having fun (hahaha)

[Hook]

[Diddy]
Attention MCs........Attention MCs
Beef doesn't happen on records
Beef does not happen on records
You don't know what beef is, (you don't know what beef is)
You don't want no beef you fucking fake studio ass gangsta
Rapping motherfuckers!, (c'mon man)
Fuck outta here!, (fuck outta here)
Beef is B.I.G. not being here, (b.i.g. we miss you)
Beef is your love ones not being here, (we miss you)
Beef is every so-called ghetto superstar that rose
To the top and dropped just as quickly, (that's beef)
On some bullshit
What's beef 2006?
What's beef (that's beef)
Y'all motherfuckers don't know what beef is, (that's beef)
Fuck all y'all (bitches)
Bad Boy Bitch we still here
[Intro: Mase]
This Mase, you know what I'm saying
You got niggas that don't like me for whatever reason
You got niggas that don't wanna see me rich
You got niggas that's mad cause I'm always with they bitch
Then you got niggas that just don't like me
You know the, those PHD niggas
But you know I pop a lot of shit but I back it up though
See it's a difference
A lot of niggas pop shit
But a lot of niggas don't make hits
But it's like this whole Bad Boy shit
We come to bring it to y'all niggas, me, B.I., Puff, Lox, whoever, Black Rob
If you wanna dance, we dance

[Verse 1: Mase]
Now trick what, lace who, that ain't what Mase do
Got a lot of girls that'd love to replace you
Tell you to your face boo not behind your back
Niggas talk shit, we never mind that
Funny never find that, Puff a dime stack
Write hot shit and make a nigga say, rewind that
Niggas know, we go against the Harlem Gigolo
Getcha ho, lick her low, make the bitch hit the door
I represent honeys with money fly guys with gems
Drive with the tints that be thirty-five percent
Hoes hope I lay so I look both ways
Cop says okay my tint smoke gray
No way, nigga leave without handing me my shit
Got plans to get my Land and my six
Niggas outta pen'll understand this shit
Pop champagne like I won a championship

[Refrain: Notorious B.I.G.]
Been around the world and I I I
And we been playa hated
I don't know and I don't know why
Why they want us faded
I don't know why they hate us
Is it our ladies or our drop Mercedes
Baby, baby

[Verse 2: Puff Daddy]
I was in one bedroom, dreaming of a million
Now I'm in beach houses, cream to the ceiling
I was a gentleman living in tenements
Now I'm swimming in all the women that be tens
Went from Bad Boys to the Crushed Linen Men
Now my divi-dends be the new Benjamins
Hoes of all complexions
I like cinnamon
Mase you got some hoes well nigga send em in
What you waiting for, let the freak show begin
How they came in a truck? (Nah Puff, that's a Benz...)
Mercedes, c'mere baby, you don't like the way
It's hot and hazy, never shady, you must be crazy
It's ridiculous how you put your lips on this
Don't kiss right there girlfriend I'm ticklish
And I be switching fees with a wrist full of G's
Nigga please, I'm the macaroni with the cheese

[Refrain]

[Verse 3: Puff Daddy and Mase]
Now Puff rule the world even though I'm young
I make it my biz to see that all ladies cum
Get em all strung from the tip of my tongue
Lick em places niggas wouldn't dare put they faces
Before I die, hope I, remake a flow by
In the brand new treasure on a old try
Now when my throat dry, even when the smoke lie
Eat the Mami chocha and drive her loca
We never ride far, packed five in a car
Save money for the drinks
I'm about to buy the bar
And everywhere I drive I'm a star
Little kids all on the corner scream, that's my car
It was days couldn't be fly, now I'm in a T.I
Come in clubs with B.I., now a nigga V.I
Rock tons of gold, nuff money I fold
Roll the way you wanna roll, break a hundred at the toll

[Refrain]

[Radio Show]:

OK after these messages we'll be back with
The Mad Rapper and his brother the Mad Producer, after this
*applause*
OK just sit back, relax, and enjoy yourself
We'll get you through this
Take a sip of water, deep breath, that'll do it

And welcome back as you can see (You got the check though?)
I'm Trevor Jones and I'm sitting in
I've been conversing with the Mad Rapper (Did you get the check though?)
And he's still pretty mad
But, this time he brought someone else with him
And quite frankly (yeah yeah) he's even madder (You god damn right!)
Mr. Producer (yo, youknowhatI'msayin) why are you so mad?

Yo, Iiiiiii, I'mma I'mma keep it real simple for you
Yeah t-t-t-t-t-tell them niggas why you mad son!
Tell them niggas why you mad son!
(OK, gentlemen please, one at a time)
Tell em why you mad son, word up, tell em why you mad son!
YouknowhatI'msayin? Iiiiiii, Iiiiiii be I be I been
I been, I been here for the culture, youknowhatI'msayin?
I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't
I don't be recognizin all that new jack shit
Yo we don't play, we don't play that shit youknowhatI'msayin?
(Please Mr. Producer, explain yourself, Mr. Rapper, please calm down)
That nigga be on some bullshit, youknowhatI'msayin?
We ain't, we don't do that shit, word, yeah
He ain't no real producer neither
And then come to find out youknowhatI'msayin
My brother hipped me to it, the nigga tryin to rap now!
Oh yeah, that's the shit that got me mad!
(Please, Mr. Rapper, once again)
That's the shit that got me mad!
That's the shit, youknowhatI'msayin?
(It's a family oriented show)
YouknowhatI'msayin? That's the shit that feds me up
(Gentlemen, please)
Word up, youknowhatI'msayin?
(Disregard the foul language)
I'm watchin this nigga video youknowhatI'msayin?
They got mermaids swimmin in they living rooms and shit
Like that youknowhatI'msayin?
This nigga dancin in the rain with kids climbin up mountains and shit
YouknowhatI'msayin?
I'm I'm I'm watchin this nigga video
(I'm gonna have to ask you to refrain from the language)
The car goin two hundred miles an hour
WHERE THE FUCK IS HE GOIN?!
(Please Mr. Rapper, please refrain from the foul language)
The nigga climbin out the fuckin car!
(One more time)
Let me see you try that shit on a train!
YouknowhatI'msayin? Try that shit on a fuckin train
What kind of shit, youknowhatI'msayin?
Got a thousand niggas write for him, let ME write for you
Son my shit is jumpin, I got John Blaze shit...
[Verse 1]
I'm beyond the pines; I don't know where to draw the fucking line
To provide for a child, a better life I have to find
I'm on the grind: I make enough for myself
But if I'm gonna feed his mouth, I need a lotta mo' wealth
Working for a man who wants me to rob a bank
Cause I got the skills and I rock a motorbike better than any can
With a getaway van, now I'm packing heat
No second chance for me; I gotta make this P and get outta here free
Shit hits the fan; bitch got a gun in her face
Money out the trays; I'm outta the door and away I'mma race
Hell of a pace; no-one seems to take chase
I got away; meals for all on the fucking table today
What a hell of a way to make the money I needed
You couldn't beat this feeling, like I could never once be defeated
And that's all I needed; yeah, I'm instantly hooked
The United States economy 'bout to get fucking shook
Bitch, I'm a fucking crook and your money gonna get took
Money I don't even need; now I'm consumed by the greed
Must be three times I've done this now. I'm getting away somehow
I'm 'bout to raise some Hell 'fore they take me to jail
But mother-fuck a cell: I'd rather go out shooting
Most likely get shot in the back while I'm pulling a looting
This game is fucking nuts but now I've had the taste, there's no giving up
Maybe I was made to hold mother-fuckers up; getaway truck, run and duck
My baby-mama's got herself a new man
We were a one-night stand: family isn't what she had planned
But now we have a baby. She thinks I won't support him then she crazy
Fuck this other mother-fucker: this my son and my lady
So now I'm over at her house: I let myself in
Bought the tools with me so I could make my child a fucking crib
Her new man tells me to leave, I see his fists clench
I ain't taking his shit: I hit the fucker 'round the face with a pipe wrench

[Skit]

[Verse 2]
My partner's fucking split; the man who got me into this shit
Without a driver, I gotta raise my game higher
A fire burns in me; living this life now won't be easy
I've had a taste of that criminal life on the edge of a knife
But maybe I slipped and fell along the trail
My mind is frail; maybe I'm already off the rails
When my partner bailed, he paid me out of jail
But now I hate the mother-fucker cause he made me fail
Now he's had enough; he wants me to give this robbery shit up
He ain't fucking around: he took my bike and he melted it down
Now this fucking clown got my gun to his temple
The bail money I owed him getting taken back tenfold
Cause now I gotta buy myself a new fucking ride
'Fore I take this next bank with nobody by my side
Yeah, this shit is risky but fuck it, I'm on it anyway
Thousands of dollars; empty the money out the fuckin' tray
Once again, I'm on my way
But fuck, of all the places, today had to be the day
Police hunt their prey; they're right on my ass
Hit the gas, pump it fast and I blast but I can't last
My tire's slashed. Into a cemetery I dash
To evade my pursuers, yeah today won't be my last
Back on the street; this fucker's on me like a dog in heat
The bike's fucked so I take to my feet
Run down a back path, tryn'a catch my breath
There's nothing left; I can feel the hands of death around my neck
I duck into a house; this my last chance, no doubt
Make my way upstairs and get the family out of there
Call my girl up, tell her my time in this world's up
And so's my luck: an officer batters down the door
He pulls a gun, there's no time to hit the floor
I feel something hit my chest before a sudden fall

[Skit]

(When I die, fuck it, I wanna go to Hell)
(Cause I'm a piece of shit: it ain't hard to fucking tell)
[Intro: Too $hort]
Beeotch!
Talk about these hoes Big..

[Verse 1: Notorious B.I.G.]
I got a bitch that suck my dick til I nut
Spit it on my gut and slurp that shit back up
Ain't that a slut (HELL YEA) she even take it in the butt
Fuck for bout a hour, now she want a golden shower
You didn't know that we be pissin on hoes, bitch (BEOTCH)
Luke and Biggie straight shittin on hoes, bitch (BEOTCH)
Lick your toes, bitch? (BEOTCH) Fuck no, you must be crazy
Squirt in your face and then I'm Swayze (bitch)
Recognize G, straight up, I can't knock ya
After Big Poppa, fuck ALL of Junior M.A.F.I.A
The whole clique, dick sucked, ass licked
Leave your number by the phone, bring yo' ass on home
I roam in Lexuses and Benzes, the fly way
With the flyest bitch gettin head on the highway (ridin)
My way deep throat on Luke's boat
When the moon rises, I'm cumin in her eyes-es (do it)
Just the way players play
Leave it up to me, I get fucked all day (yeah)
Sucked all day, smokin blunts, countin cheese
Fucking bitches til they assholes bleed
What you say ba-by

[Hook: Too $hort & Biggie 2x]
[$hort] All I want is hoes, big booty hoes
[B.I.G] Check it out, here's another one
[$hort] All I want is hoes, big booty hoes
"Don't take em to the crib unless they bonin"

[Verse 2: Notorious B.I.G.]
Uhh.. uhh..
Biggie bag bitches from barbecues to barmitzvah's
The big don’t fit, use your lips cause.. (use em)
I'm feelin kinda itchy for a quickie
Don't take off your coat, all you got to do is lick me
Me eat you, I beat you, then greet you to the door bitch
Cause I don't love you no more
Which one of these hoes in the lobby wanna slob me?
You know me, I like my dick Brown like Bobby
In the duke shoot, then the bitch get the boot
Unless she lick ass and blow dicks like flutes
I like em cute, round tits and fat asses
Educated, so I can bust off on they glasses
I wanna cum on your tongue and gums, all night
The bitch drink nuts by the pint

[Pre-hook: Too $hort]
Drink it bitch!
All of these hoes do that shit

[Hook:]

[Verse 3: Too $hort]
It's after midnight, it's time to come up
Fuckin with some sluts tryin to bust a nut
I ain't seen this many hoes in a long time
I wanna make em all mine (get down ho)
But it's gettin kinda late, and I cain't wait
Bitch fuck a first date
I pulled out my dick, she called me rude..
.. but then she ate it like food (tramp)
Then she noticed the limp and the whip
Recognize game, you've been pimped by a pimp
Throw all that trick shit, out the window
You come up short tryin to doubt the pimp ho
Too $hort baby, straight from Oakland
Ho money is my fix and I can't be broken
Freak bitches all on my dick
We on some Brooklyn - Oakland, California shit (beotch!)

[Hook:]

[Outro: Too $hort]
You knew I was a dog when you met me bitch (BITCH)
Ha ha, fo' sho' (YEAHH)
Tell you anything you wanna hear right about now
To the spot, that's where we goin baby
See we goin to the spot
Do our thang like we always do
You ain't know?
[Lil' Cease]
Queen Bee, and Notorious B.I.G. nigga
The best that ever lived, the best that ever did it
The best that ever lived it
Cocksuckers, What's his name, huh?
That's how we do it ya'll
To all my niggas in the house
Bad Boy, Who we die for
All day, everyday nigga

[Verse 1]
For the love of BIG, we bang out
Since my man died, we don't hang out
We blow brains out, we tear the club up pullin things out
Mafia World, all my niggas max out
We Bad Boys, why ya'll niggas cracked out
Coward niggas, most are burried down south
Far from gangstas, really hush puppies
Niggas bearly speak when we discuss money
Niggas stay yappin when there's always somethin funny
The realest niggas never took nuthin from me
Rock ice, stay jig, fuck with niggas that got drunk, and hate kids
Got niggas on state bids, that hate movies like Rosewood and Matrix
A yo, Biggie taught me well, Biggie told me how to flip bricks like cartwheel

Chorus: Lil' Cease & Notorious B.I.G

[Lil' Cease]
To all my thugs who puffed him
To all my girls who hugged him
You love him, yell his name..

I'd rather die on my feet, than live on my knees
Nigga please, I cock and squeeze for..

Mafia

[Notorious B.I.G.]
Representin Bucktown
Mack 11's cocked back, niggas better duck down
Face down, you know the routine, the cream
Earings, you know the drama Biggie bring

[Verse 2]
For BIG I learn to grip aim and cock it
Once I got it, I lock it
Banger, big city boy with deep pockets
See me speak, that paper better be the topic
I like my ice frozen like the Antartic
I'm quick to finish it, your good to start it
And with the flashy colors on, you just a target, Waitin for a hard hit
I like marine blue, marine green, roll with a mean team
Meshed out, fresh out, and stay greams
We big boys, we do big things, born in this county of kings
I ain't got shit, I spread things, take things
Fuck whenever my mood swings, from the summer for the winter to the spring
My nigga ill's holdin it down for the beam
Like BIG said, we do the real things, we still bubble and steal chains
Still tustle, still struggle, we feel pain
Still ride, still die for BIG's name

(chorus)

[Verse 3]
For BIG I grip the Sig, put six in your wig
Not cause of what he said, cause of what he did
When I hear that pop quiz, that's the way I was raised and thats the way it is for..
We roll like the Panthers, show our guns on camera
Do jokes with police scanners, niggas mediocre, full of dirt like hampers
I roll with a bunch of niggas that wear bandanas and rep...
We kept it thurough, from the heart ripped the barrel
B.K. style, see BIG howl, now
Lets see who, wanna go against Mafia world
Niggas nuthin but squirels, they know we rep...
Niggas tryin to get a nut, hit in the head or below the gut
Wood style roll'em up, get plucked, nigga what
Go back to spend a ton, and know cats wit gold tooths
Know my gat and bust for my nigga...

(chorus)

[Lil' Kim]
Now when I cock back and squeeze, my Desert E'z
Make you drop to your knees, barely able to breathe
My bullets move in threes, one for Brook-lyn
One for Mafia so take that, Uh, and this one's for...
You know Frank kept me iced out
Mink dragon, seven figures in my bank account
All that material shit, ya'll still tryin to get it
Uh, you fuckin pricks, get off his dick tryin to be like...
All ya'll lame ass niggas keep my man name out your mouth
Or get this shit right, check it, it's the B-I, double G-I, E
Ya'll niggas can't see Poppa, nor the Big Moma
Who you love... for the Y2G, the two ten
We got it sewn, we don't need ya'll help, we hold our own
Cause this goes out to cats not tryin to give it up
BIG missin us, shout him out...

(chorus)
(chorus into fade)
Hey yo, Enuff, man! What you got to drink up in here, man? I'm thirsty

Big slam, quick slam, tin can, whatever
Whether too cold or too hot, you got to keep Pepsi in the freezer
I keep a 3 liter for my crew
My girl like them diet joints too
For when she watch her weight, crack the top I can't wait
Other sodas taste the worst -- I don't even converse
If it can't quench my thirst what you in my fridge for?
What you wanna live for? Life with the dry mouth
Hot like the south, flash out ya 12 ounce and renounce
Nothing can beat the P-e-p-s-i
Yes I drink it constantly; cop it by the case, tastes great, less filling
Non-alcoholic I can feed it to my children
Tell em Biggie said, "Drink it all"; don't test me!
Nothing else beats a Pepsi, if it is, let's see..I'm thirsty
[The Notorious B.I.G.]
Where Brooklyn at?, Where Brooklyn at?, Where Brooklyn at?, Where Brooklyn at?
We gonna do it like this
Anytime your ready, check it!

I got seven Mac 11's, about eight
38's, nine 9's, ten Mac 10's, the shits never ends
You can't touch my riches, even if you had
MC Hammer and them 357 bitches
Biggie Smalls, the millionaire, the mansion, the yacht
The two weed spots, the two hot Glocks
That's how I got the weedspot
I shot dread in the head, took the bread and the Lamb's bread
Little Gotti got the shotty to your body
So don't resist, or you might miss Christmas
I tote guns, I make number runs
I give mc's the runs drippin'
When I throw my clip in the AK
I slay from far away
Everybody hit the D-E-C-K
My slow flow's remarkable, peace to Mateo
Now we smoke weed like Tony Montana sniffed the yayo
That's crazy blunts, mad L's
My voice excels from the avenue to jail cells
Oh my God, I'm droppin shit like a pigeon
I hope you're listenin, smackin' babies at they christening

[2Pac]
Motherfucking Biggie Smalls

[Kane]
What you gonna do with it 2Pac?

[2Pac]
Yeah where the motherfuckin thugs at?
Throw your motherfucking middle finger
We gonna do this shit like this

I thank the Lord for my many blessings, though I'm stressin
Keep a vest for protection, from the barrel of a Smith & Wesson
And all my niggas in the pen, here we go again
Ain't nuttin separatin us from a MacK 10
Born in the ghetto as a hustler, hold up
A straight soldier, bucking at the busters
No matter how you try, niggas never die
We just retaliate with hate, then we multiply
You see me striking down the block, hitting corners
Mobbing like a motherfucker, living like I - wanna
And ain't no stopping at the red lights, I'm sideways
Thug Life motherfucker crime, pays!
Let the cops put they lights on, chase me nigga
Zig zaggin through the freeway, race me nigga
In a high speed chase with the law
The realest motherfucker, that you ever saw
Yo
C-Gutta, where you at?
D Rockafella
Caesar Leo Degenero
Blake C
Money SL
Uhh

B.I.G. is making this cream
Bitches always say what the hell does that mean?
B is for the bitches, who can't understand
How one fly nigga became a man
I is for the way it goes in and out
One by one I knocks 'em out
G is for the way the game goes in the gut
Other MC's man they ain't sayin' nuthin'
Rockin' on, to the break of dawn
Meet the bitch, get the pussy, get the math, I'm gone

What?
It ain't no more to it
[Jamaican host]
Ladies and Gentlemen
We're gonna ask you for some fanfare...the band fanfare because...ladies and gentlemen...sting has always gone ahead of itself
They have done it again and again and again
I remember the year they brought in the fat boys they were hotter then ten thousand fire sides
And if you know...and if you enjoy hip-hop...if you want one of the coldest brothaz out of North America...a brotha that gave you a song like
Juicy...
[Bigge] Uh-huh...
[Jamaican Host]
You hear a crew in Jamaica with something that goes like this
"Who the heck is this
Paging me in the morning
At the crack of dawning"
[Bigge] Yeauh!
[Jamaican Host]
Please welcome...for the first time...in Sting 96...Please welcome (welcome...welcome)
The Notorious....the Notorious...B.I.G...AKA bigge!
[Verse 1]
To all the ladies in the place with style and grace
Allow me to lace these lyrical douches in your bushes
Who rock grooves and make moves with all the mommies?
The back of the club sipping Moët is where you'll find me
The back of the club, macking hoes, my crew's behind me
Mad question asking, blunt passing
Music blasting, but I just can't quit
Because one of these honeys Biggie got to creep wit'
Sleep with, keep the ep a secret, why not?
Why blow up my spot cause we both got hot?
Now check it: I got more mack than Craig and in the bed
Believe me sweetie, I got enough to feed the needy
No need to be greedy, I got mad friends with Benzes
C-notes by the layers, true fucking players
Jump in the Rover and come over, tell your friends jump in the GS3
I got the chronic by the tree

[Hook]
(I love it when you call me big poppa)
Throw your hands in the air, if you's a true player
(I love it when you call me big poppa)
To the honies getting money playing niggas like dummies
(I love it when you call me big poppa)
If you got a gun up in your waist, please don't shoot up the place! (why?)
Cause I see some ladies tonight that should be having my baby, baby

[Verse 2]
Straight up honey really I'm asking
Most of these niggas think they be macking, but they be acting
Who they attracting with that line, "What's your name, what's your sign?"
Soon as he buy that wine, I just creep up from behind
And ask what your interests are, who you be with
Things that make you smile, what numbers to dial
You gon' be here for a while?
I'm gon' go call my crew, you go call your crew
We can rendezvous at the bar around 2
Plans to leave, throw the keys to Lil Cease
Pull the truck up front, and roll up the next blunt
So we can steam on the way to the telly, go fill my belly
A T-bone steak, cheese eggs and Welch's grape
Conversate for a few, cause in a few, we gon' do
What we came to do, ain't that right boo? (True)
Forget the telly, we just go to the crib
And watch a movie in the Jacuzzi, smoke L's while you do me

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
(How you living, Biggie Smalls?) In mansion and Benzes
Givin' ends to my friends and it feels stupendous
Tremendous cream: fuck a dollar and a dream
Still tote Gats strapped with infrared beams
Chopping O's, smoking la in Optimos
Money, hoes and clothes: all a nigga knows
A foolish pleasure? Whatever
I had to find the buried treasure, so grams I had to measure
However living better now, Coogi sweater now
Drop top BM's, I'm the man, girlfriend

[Interlude: Puffy]
Honey, check it
Tell your friends to get with my friends
And we can be friends
Shit, we can do this every weekend, aight?
Is that aight with you?
Yeah....keep bangin'

[Hook]
