[Court Officer: D.O.C.]
Right about now, N.W.A. court is in full effect
Judge Dre presiding
In the case of N.W.A. vs. the Police Department
Prosecuting attorneys are MC Ren, Ice Cube
And Eazy-motherfucking-E

[The Judge: Dr. Dre]
Order, order, order
Ice Cube, take the motherfucking stand
Do you swear to tell the truth, the whole truth
And nothing but the truth so help your black ass?

[Witness: Ice Cube]
You goddamn right!

[Dr. Dre]
Well won't you tell everybody what the fuck you gotta say?

[Verse 1: Ice Cube]
Fuck the police coming straight from the underground
A young nigga got it bad cause I'm brown
And not the other color so police think
They have the authority to kill a minority
Fuck that shit, cause I ain't the one
For a punk motherfucker with a badge and a gun
To be beating on, and throwing in jail
We can go toe to toe in the middle of a cell
Fucking with me cause I'm a teenager
With a little bit of gold and a pager
Searching my car, looking for the product
Thinking every nigga is selling narcotics
You'd rather see, me in the pen
Than me and Lorenzo rolling in a Benz-o
Beat a police out of shape
And when I'm finished, bring the yellow tape
To tape off the scene of the slaughter
Still getting swoll off bread and water
I don't know if they fags or what
Search a nigga down, and grabbing his nuts
And on the other hand, without a gun they can't get none
But don't let it be a black and a white one
Cause they'll slam ya down to the street top
Black police showing out for the white cop
Ice Cube will swarm
On any motherfucker in a blue uniform
Just cause I'm from the CPT
Punk police are afraid of me, huh
A young nigga on the warpath
And when I'm finished, it's gonna be a bloodbath
Of cops, dying in L.A
Yo Dre, I got something to say

[Hook]
Fuck Tha Police (Repeat x4)

[Scene 1]
[Cop] Pull your god damn ass over right now
[Ren] Aww shit, now what the fuck you pullin me over for?
[Cop] Cause I feel like it!
Just sit your ass on the curb and shut the fuck up
[Ren] Man, fuck this shit
[Cop] Aight, smartass, I'm taking your black ass to jail!

[Dr. Dre]
MC Ren, will you please give your testimony
To the jury about this fucked up incident?

[Verse 2: MC Ren]
Fuck the police and Ren said it with authority
Because the niggas on the street is a majority
A gang, is with whoever I'm stepping
And the motherfucking weapon is kept in
A stash box, for the so-called law
Wishing Ren was a nigga that they never saw
Lights start flashing behind me
But they're scared of a nigga so they mace me to blind me
But that shit don't work, I just laugh
Because it gives them a hint not to step in my path
For police, I'm saying, "Fuck you punk!"
Reading my rights and shit, it's all junk
Pulling out a silly club, so you stand
With a fake-ass badge and a gun in your hand
But take off the gun so you can see what's up
And we'll go at it punk, and I'mma fuck you up!
Make you think I'mma kick your ass
But drop your gat, and Ren's gonna blast
I'm sneaky as fuck when it comes to crime
But I'mma smoke them now and not next time
Smoke any motherfucker that sweats me
Or any asshole that threatens me
I'm a sniper with a hell of a scope
Taking out a cop or two, they can't cope with me
The motherfucking villain that's mad
With potential, to get bad as fuck
So I'mma turn it around
Put in my clip, yo, and this is the sound
{*BOOM, BOOM*}
Yeah, something like that
But it all depends on the size of the gat
Taking out a police would make my day
But a nigga like Ren don't give a fuck to say

[Hook]

[Scene 2]
[Cop] {*knocking on the door*}
[Eazy] Yeah man, what you need?
[Cop] Police, open now
[Eazy] Aww shit
[Cop] We have a warrant for Eazy-E's arrest
[Cop] Get down and put your hands up where I can see 'em
(Move motherfucker, move now!)
[Eazy] What the fuck did I do, man what did I do?
[Cop] Just shut the fuck up
And get your motherfucking ass on the floor
(You heard the man, shut the fuck up!)
[Eazy] But I didn't do shit
[Cop] Man just shut the fuck up!

[Dr. Dre]
Eazy-E, won't you step up to the stand
And tell the jury how you feel about this bullshit?

[Verse 3: Eazy-E]
I'm tired of the motherfucking jacking
Sweating my gang, while I'm chilling in the shack, and
Shining the light in my face, and for what?
Maybe it's because I kick so much butt
I kick ass -- or maybe cause I blast
On a stupid-ass nigga when I'm playing with the trigger
Of an Uzi or an AK
Cause the police always got something stupid to say
They put out my picture with silence
Cause my identity by itself causes violence
The E with the criminal behavior
Yeah, I'm a gangsta, but still I got flavor
Without a gun and a badge, what do ya got?
A sucker in a uniform waiting to get shot
By me, or another nigga
And with a gat it don't matter if he's smaller or bigger
(MC Ren: Size don't mean shit, he's from the old school fool)
And as you all know, E's here to rule
Whenever I'm rolling, keep looking in the mirror
And ears on cue, yo, so I can hear a
Dumb motherfucker with a gun
And if I'm rolling off the 8, he'll be the one
That I take out, and then get away
While I'm driving off laughing this is what I'll say

[Hook]

The verdict

[Dre] The jury has found you guilty of being a redneck
White bread, chickenshit motherfucker
[Cop] But wait, that's a lie! That's a god damn lie!
[Dre] Get him out of here!
[Cop] I want justice!
[Dre] Get him the fuck out my face!
[Cop] I want justice!
[Dre] Out, right now!
[Cop] Fuck you, you black motherfuckers!

[Hook]
[Intro: Dr. Dre]
You are now about to witness the strength of street knowledge

[Verse 1: Ice Cube]
Straight outta Compton, crazy motherfucker named Ice Cube
From the gang called Niggas Wit Attitudes
When I'm called off, I got a sawed-off
Squeeze the trigger and bodies are hauled off
You too boy if you fuck with me
The police are gonna have to come and get me
Off yo ass, that's how I'm going out
For the punk motherfuckers that's showing out
Niggas start to mumble, they wanna rumble
Mix em and cook em in a pot like gumbo
Going off on a motherfucker like that
With a gat, that's pointed at
Yo ass--so give it up smooth
Ain't no telling when I'm down for a jack move
Here's a murder rap to keep you dancing
With a crime record like Charles Manson
AK-47 is the tool
Don't make me act the motherfucking fool
Me you can go toe to toe, no maybe
I'm knocking niggas out the box, daily
Yo weekly, monthly and yearly
Until them dumb motherfuckers see clearly
That I'm down with the capital C-P-T
Boy, you can't fuck with me
So when I'm in your neighborhood, you better duck
Cause Ice Cube is crazy as fuck
As I leave, believe I'm stomping
But when I come back boy, I'm coming straight outta Compton

[Eazy E]
Yo Ren

[MC Ren]
Whassup

[Eazy E]
Tell em where you from

[Verse 2: MC Ren]
Straight outta Compton, another crazy ass nigga
More punks I smoke, yo my rep gets bigger
I'm a bad motherfucker and you know this
But the pussy-ass niggas won't show this
But I don't give a fuck, I'mma make my snaps
If not from the records, from jacking or craps
Just like burglary, the definition is jacking
And when illegally armed it's called packing
Shoot a motherfucker in a minute
I find a good piece of pussy and go up in it
So if you're at a show in the front row
I'mma call you a bitch or dirty-ass ho
You'll probably get mad like a bitch is supposed to
But that shows me slut, you're composed to
A crazy motherfucker from the street
Attitude legit cause I'm tearing up shit
MC Ren controls the automatic
For any dumb motherfucker that starts static
Not the right hand cause I'm the hand itself
Every time I pull a AK off the shelf
The security is maximum and that's a law
R-E-N spells Ren but I'm raw
See, cause I'm the motherfucking villain
The definition is clear, you're the witness of a killing
That's taking place without a clue
And once you're on the scope, your ass is through
Look, you might take it as a trip
But a nigga like Ren is on a gangsta tip
Straight outta Compton

[Dr. Dre]
Eazy is his name and the boy is coming

[Verse 3: Eazy E]
Straight outta Compton
Is a brother that'll smother your mother
And make your sister think I love her
Dangerous motherfucker raising hell
And if I ever get caught, I make bail
See I don't give a fuck, that's the problem
I see a motherfucking cop, I don't dodge him
But I'm smart, lay low, creep a while
And when I see a punk pass, I smile
To me it's kinda funny, the attitude showing a nigga driving
But don't know where the fuck he's going, just rolling
Looking for the one they call Eazy
But here's a flash, they never seize me
Ruthless
Never seen like a shadow in the dark
Except when I unload
You see I'll get over the hesitation
And hear the scream of the one who got the lead penetration
Give a little gust of wind and I'm jetting
But leave a memory no one'll be forgetting
So what about the bitch who got shot, fuck her
You think I give a damn about a bitch, I ain't a sucker
This is an autobiography of the E
And if you ever fuck with me
You'll get taken by a stupid dope brother who will smother
Word to the motherfucker
Straight outta Compton

Damn, that shit was dope
[Intro]
You know what
I like the playettes
No diggity, no doubt
Play on playette, play on playette
Yo Dre, drop the verse

[Verse 1: Dr. Dre]
It's going down, fade to Blackstreet
The homies got at me, collab' creations, bump like acne
No doubt, I put it down, never slouch
As long as my credit can vouch, a dog couldn't catch me ass out
Tell me who can stop when Dre makin' moves
Attracting honeys like a magnet
Giving 'em eargasms with my mellow accent
Still moving this flavor
With the homies Blackstreet and Teddy
The original rump shakers

[Verse 2: Teddy Riley]
Shorty get down, good Lord
Baby got 'em open all over town
Strictly biz, she don't play around
Cover much ground, got game by the pound
Getting paid is her forte
Each and every day, true player way
I can't get her out of my mind
I think about the girl all the time
East side to the west side
Pushin' phat rides, it's no surprise
She got tricks in the stash
Stacking up the cash
Fast when it comes to the gas
By no means average
She's on when she's got to have it
Baby, you're a perfect ten, I wanna get in
Can I get down, so I can win

[Refrain x2]
I like the way you work it
No diggity, I got to bag it up, bag it up

[Verse 3]
She's got class and style
Street knowledge by the pound
Baby never act wild, very low key on the profile
Catchin' feelings is a no
Let me tell you how it goes
Herb's the word, spin's the verb
Lovers it curves so freak what you heard
Rollin' with the phatness
You don't even know what the half is
You gotta pay to play
Just for shorty, bang-bang, to look your way
I like the way you work it
Trump tight all day, every day
You're blowing my mind, maybe in time
Baby, I can get you in my ride

[Refrain x2]

[Break]
Hey oh, hey oh, hey oh, hey oh

[Verse 4: Queen Pen]
Cause that's my peeps and we roll deep
Flyin' first class from New York City to Blackstreet
What you know about me, not a motherfuckin' thing
Cartier wooded frames sported by my shortie
As for me, icy gleaming pinky diamond ring
We be's the baddest clique up on the scene
Ain't you getting bored with these fake ass broads
I shows and proves, no doubt, how predictably so
Please excuse, if I come across rude
That's just me and that's how the playettes got to be
Stay kickin' game with a capital G
Axe the peoples on my block, I'm as real as can be
Word is bond, faking moves never been my thing
So, Teddy, pass the word to your nigga Chauncy
I be sitting in car, let's say around 3:30
Queen Pen and Blackstreet, it's no diggity
[Produced by Logic]

[Hook]
Work so fucking much my greatest fear is I'mma die alone
Every diamond in my chain, yeah, that's a milestone
People calling me, asking me for money, man
The only thing I'mma give you motherfuckers is the dial tone

[Verse 1]
Flashbacks of a youngin' sipping that purple Kool Aid
Skipping school with my homies and chiefing reefer for two days
Running from the law, living how I'm living, fuck 'em all
Bumping Triple Six
Hennessy in my cup, driving through the sticks
Who the bitch riding with me?
Man, the devil tryna get me
Motivated, under-educated, and hated
But finally getting cake like a happy belated
Bitch I made it, we on
Buy it, break it, roll it, light it, smoke it, inhale it
Write it, record it, mix it, master it, press it up, unveil it
Feel like I've been waiting forever, forever to inherit
This is war, I declare it
Time is money, I can't spare it
Futuristic, so simplistic
Please decipher my linguistics
Slow it down, Robitussin
I'm the king, ain't no discussion
And now we blowing up like spontaneous human combustion
My consumption is the illest
Section eight, I know you feel this
On the come up,  where they run up on you for nothing at all
Brighter than eleven suns, this the first, where my funds?
EBT, that's the card
I thank God, I thank God, but it's hard, but it's hard

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
God damn, god damn, we at it again
Me and my homies that know me blowing up like the Taliban
Yeah, my stress up, but I'm blessed up
Fuck around and get messed up
When I murder the rhyme, I'm living divine
You know that I'm one of a kind
Lemme get it right now, ho
Draped up and I'm dripped out, right now, ho
Caked up 'til I cash out and I got 'em all wondering how, so
On the down low, haters drown slow
On the down low, haters drown slow
Oh God, my God, we got it all right
Oh God, my God, we gotta get it, right?
These fuckers facades, they just a mirage, right?
I said these fuckers facades, they just a mirage, right?
Tell me that they love me, know damn well that they don't give a fuck
I be on that finger flipping killing shit up in the cut
That's what's up
All these bitches out here tryna gas it up
This is everything I ever wanted, I can't pass it up
Life changed in a year, couldn't happen fast enough
"Can I do it like you do it?" That's what they be asking us
White Benz, black card, bitch better get your plastic up
Man, this shit is hella hard, but we never acting up
Live it up, hold on to your dream, don't ever give it up
Finally had my share of success, and shit, I can't get enough
Now they know my name through the nation
Cause my single like that good shit, man, always in rotation
Now they know Logic for Logic, not through my affiliations
Stacking profit on profit, from this music I'm making
Even Jesus had haters, so when you feeling forsaken
Tell 'em jealous Judas is who this is, and man, that'll break 'em
And bitch I'm still the same
Dash of auto tune so y'all can feel the pain
Broke as fuck, back in that basement, not a dollar to my name
Chasing fame, chasing glory, 'til the day we make a story
Positive that life ain't mine, bitch you can take that shit to Maury

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
(Hello, no one is available to take your call)
I been working hard, I been searching for God
I been working hard, I been searching for God
(Please leave a message after the tone)
Little brother, this is your sister, you're busy, I get you
But I insist you call me back cause I miss you
I wish you well, well, I wish you would call
Cause lately it feel like I’m just not your sister at all, all
I’m sorry for calling and bawling, I’m all in
And I feel like I'm falling lately, it feel like my children hate me
You tell me I'm beautiful and yet no man wanna date me
Haunted by vivid memories of that man who raped me
And lately I, I feel more and more like mommy, I know I’m me, but still
You always seemed to pick up the phone and somehow I feel
Better, but you been answering me lesser and lesser
So I resorted to the pills in my dresser, I'm gone
As as for [?] he left and he ain't coming back
I hate the man, if I see him I swear I tell him that
No longer cooking crack in my kitchen, cutting, selling that
He broke my heart, that relationship been to hell and back
I been working hard, I been searching for God
I can feel the Devil around me as they all applaud
Promise you won't forget me, that you'll always be with me
And even when you gone I can call whenever he hit me
Under pressure, I've been feeling under pressure

[Verse 4]
Hey, son, this is your father, don't mean to bother
How are you? Heard you were in town, but I never saw ya
Tried to call ya, where are ya?
In Paris? What a beautiful destination
To parish right by the Eiffel, come now, please don't be spiteful
Of all my small talk, I think we're overdue a long talk
When I see kids around the way I say how I'm your dad
It gets me thinking of incredible moments we've had
And on the real I'm trying so hard not to bug you
But do you think you could stop rapping about my drug use?
I'm two years clean, no longer a fiend
Yeah, I'm 57, but I feel 19
And I love you I swear, Bobby, I know you're there
And when the time is right I know that you gon' take care
Of anything I need, of your family
Can I have some tickets to your next show?
Would you stand with me?
Can I have some money for my new honey that's hella fine?
I forgot to mention I got divorced from your step-mom
My mind going crazy, but I still look hella calm
Maybe you could tell *beep*
I've been feeling under pressure

[Interlude]
Hey, what's up, bro? This Ralph, I didn't want much, man, just calling to see what's going on. I know you're busy. Dad hit me up, it's his birthday today, but I know you know that. Yeah, he calling, he be tryna introduce me to his new chick and stuff, man, I don't know how to handle that. I don't wanna tell him like nah, I ain't trying to meet her off top, you know. So what you think I should do? Text me, I know you're busy, dawg. But he been calling me saying he wanna come down, he wanna bring his new chick and Brenda's like "damn, he really tryna rock out with his new chick" cause you know we all talk to Debbie. But I don't know, I don't know how to tell him this shit so just hit me back whenever you got the time, man, I know there's more shit on your plate. You ain't gotta hit me, dawg, but if you do I'd appreciate it. When you back, love you, do your thing. Swag RattPack all day, boy. Alright, nigga

[Verse 5]
Yeah, dear family, I'm so sorry that I've been distant
Everything changed in an instant, my time has been inconsistent
I know that you been insisting, I know that birthday I missed it
I swore I told my assistant, but I guess my mind is in another place
Thoughts often in another world, I started seeing another girl
It fell through, man, what a world
But I'm so focused on my craft, on employing my staff
Such a perfectionist, I can't even finish this draft
This letter to the ones I love, the ones that I miss
Brothers and sisters that hit me up just to reminisce
Meanwhile people outside of my blood asking for favors
I don't owe you a fucking thing, you best switch your behavior
Truly remarkable how I barely know you, but somehow owe you When you don't even know 'bout the shit I go through
We ain't spoken in a while, tell me sister, how your child?
Come now, girl, give me a smile, come on, girl, don't do me foul
Sorry I ain't call before, but I'm calling you right now
I heard that you was popping E, stop resorting to the vowel
How my mama, how she doing, does she know what I'm pursuing?
I ain't talk to her in years, that relationship she ruined
But sometimes I wake and wonder just what the fuck I'm doing
They say family is everything, I swear that shit the truth
I should spend it all with y'all, but I spend it in the booth
This is everything I love, this is everything I need
Never sacrifice this feeling even though my heart it bleed
This is everything I love, everything I need
Never sacrifice this feeling even though my heart bleed
Under pressure, I've been feeling under pressure

[Interlude]
Hey, son, I'm sorry I missed your call today, but I was in an AA meeting. A friend of mine was celebrating four years so I couldn't get you right then. And then when I did call you weren't able to answer or whatever. Just wondering how things are going. Jenn and I aren't together anymore. Living on my own, you know. Anyway, the whole family, even the family that you don’t know, my sisters and your aunts that you've never met are very proud of you. Your cousins just love you too. Anyway, son, I love you, I just want you to know that. And just keep grinding, you know. And I don't wanna hear you joining the Illuminati cause then I gotta kill ya. I love you, son, bye
[Intro: Snoop Dogg and Kurupt]
La-da-da-da-dahh
It's the motherfucking D-O-double-G
La-da-da-da-dahh
You know I'm mobbing with the D-R-E
You know who's back up in this motherfucker
What what what what
So blaze the weed up then
Blaze it up, blaze it up
Just blaze that shit up nigga
Yeah sup Snoop

[Verse 1: Snoop Dogg]
Top Dogg, bite em all
Nigga burn the shit up
D-P-G-C my nigga turn that shit up
C-P-T, L-B-C
Yeah we hooking back up
And when they bang this in the club baby you got to get up
Thug niggas drug dealers yeah they giving it up
Lowlife, yo life
Boy we living it up
Taking chances while we dancing in the party for sure
Slip my ho a forty-fo' and she got in the back do'
Bitches looking at me strange but you know I don't care
Step up in this motherfucker just a-swanging my hair
Bitch quit talking, Crip walk, stay down with the set
Take a bullet with some dick and take this dope from this jet
Out of town, put it down for the Father of Rap
And if yo' ass get cracked, bitch shut yo' trap
Come back, get back, that's the part of success
If you believe in the S you'll be relieving your stress

[Interlude: Snoop Dogg and Dr. Dre]
La-da-da-da-dahhh
It's the motherfucking D.R.E (Dr. Dre motherfucker)
La-da-da-da-dahhh
You know I'm mobbing with the D-O-double-G

[Verse 2: Dr. Dre]
Straight off the fucking streets of C-P-T
King of the beats you ride to em in your Fleet (Fleetwood)
Or Coupe DeVille rolling on dubs
How you feeling whoopty whoop nigga what
Dre and Snoop chronic-ed out in the 'llac
With Doc in the back, sipping on 'gnac (yeah)
Clip in the strap, dipping through hoods (what hoods)
Compton, Long Beach, Inglewood
South Central out to the west side
It's California Love, this California bud got a nigga gang of pub
I'm on one, I might bail up in the Century Club
With my jeans on, and my team strong
Get my drink on, and my smoke on
Then go home with, something to poke on
Loc it's on for the two-triple-oh
Coming real, it's the next episode

[Outro: Nate Dogg]
Hold up hey
For my niggas who be thinking we soft
We don't play
We gonna rock it til the wheels fall off
Hold up hey
For my niggas who be acting too bold
Take a seat
Hope you ready for the next episode
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Smoke weed every day
[Produced by Scoop DeVille]

*sound of airplane wheels hitting the tarmac*

[Sample]
Smokin' weed with you
Cause you taught me to

[Verse 1: Dr. Dre]
Every morning when I wake up, uh, money on my mind
Good times to get caked up, uh, sunshine coming through my blinds
I’m living but, really though, it's never enough
10 milli on, that's a must, living in California
Everybody wanna visit for (Women, weed and weather)
They come for (Women, weed and weather)
(For the women, weed and weather)
From all around the world for the (Women, weed and weather)
These niggas'll kill for that, put it in your grill for that
Still everybody gotta build for that, me? I make mills off that
How the fuck y'all can't see I ride, when I drive, down the block and
You look outside, H-A-T-E in your eyes, I enter big money for the enterprise
It's a beautiful day, I guess, for a bitch to roll with Andre, I guess
Roll it up, baby come lift that dress then roll it up for me when I'm stressed

[Pre-Hook]
You might catch me in Atlanta looking like a boss
New Orleans and then Miami, party in New York
Texas I be screwed up, Chi Town I be really pimping
But nothing like my hometown I'm forever living

[Hook]
Women, weed and weather
(They come for) women, weed and weather
For the women, weed and weather
(From all around the world for the) women, weed and weather
Got that women, weed and weather
Don't it sound clever, come and play
What more can I say? Welcome to LA

[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar]
Uhh, my nigga said he wanna fly out to get him
Some, three W's only for a three day run, bitch
Take them mothafuckin' panties off, you ain't no nun, shit
I be living in the sky everytime I ride by them hoes
Ribbon in the sky on the radio cause Stevie know I control
Let it breathe, I control, California living 'til I am old
You want to be on, to peak on the charts
So the peons can be gone and pee on their hearts
She in the coupe, she in the Neon
Cause she on the BS before we can start
Fuck with a nigga, ride with a nigga, let 'em know I'm priority order me
Hennessey and for my niggas OG Killa, call it Jason Voorhees
Boy he's on his job, boy he sure be having the marks on they mark
Pretty bitches and tire marks, let 'em inhale them pipe exhausts
Let 'em reveal how much it cost for this life controlling my vice
No way hell no, uh uh, if I'm wrong I don't wanna be right
We want to be on, to peak on the chart
So the peons can be gone and pee on their hearts
Women, weed, weather, it's not my fault
That it's 82 degrees and my top peeled off

[Pre-Hook + Hook]

[Verse 3: Dr. Dre]
Known for that homegrown where I come from
Smoke one, palm trees, double D's got 'em topless in the sun
I shall proceed, that's me, mothafuck your opinion
Huh, how many ways am I killing 'em? Shit, right around a billion
We on it, that mean we living for the moment
That mean she'll fuck 'til the morning, time and I got time
And I know that I'm in a position of controlling, anything, I by that ocean
I'm a boss I'll buy that ocean, ain't nobody fucking with this

[Verse 4: Kendrick Lamar]
They want that shit, they often fiend, I give it to 'em, but in between
My time, I gotta tie shoestrings, life's a trip when you want these things
I often slip and then I lean toward three W's in life
You know blow job need an application, eating pussy make appetite
And yeah my type, I like 'em brown
Just like my drink, the fuck you think
I don't fuck with no hand me downs
See if you fuck then it's after me
You know how much I'mma make it work?
You know her dress slip it in her purse
When you discussed your love for lust
Just make sure you visit here first, Cali

[Pre-Hook + Hook]
[Verse 1: Dr. Dre]
Y'all know me, still the same O.G. but I been low-key
Hated on by most these niggas with no cheese
No deals and no G's
No wheels and no keys, no boats, no snowmobiles, and no skis
Mad at me cause I can finally afford to provide my family with groceries
Got a crib with a studio and it's all full of tracks
To add to the wall full of plaques
Hanging up in the office in back of my house like trophies
Did y'all think I'ma let my dough freeze, ho please
You better bow down on both knees
Who you think taught you to smoke trees
Who you think brought you the oldies
Eazy-E's, Ice Cubes, and D.O.C's
The Snoop D-O-double-G's
And the group that said motha fuck the police
Gave you a tape full of dope beats
To bump when you stroll through in your hood
And when your album sales wasn't doing too good
Who's the Doctor they told you to go see
Y'all better listen up closely
All you niggas that said that I turned pop
Or The Firm flopped
Y'all are the reason that Dre ain't been getting no sleep
So fuck y'all, all of y'all
If y'all don't like me, blow me
Y'all are gonna keep fucking around with me and turn me back to the old me

[Hook: Eminem] (x2)
Now-a-days everybody wanna talk like they got somethin' to say
But nothin' comes out when they move their lips
Just a bunch of gibberish
And motherfuckers act like they forgot about Dre

[Verse 2: Eminem]
So what do you say to somebody you hate
Or anyone tryna bring trouble your way
Wanna resolve things in a bloodier way
Just study a tape of N.W.A
One day I was walking by
With a Walkman on
When I caught a guy
Give me an awkward eye
And I strangled him up in the parking lot
With his Karl Kani
I don't give a fuck if it's dark or not
I'm harder than me tryna park a Dodge
When I'm drunk as fuck
Right next to a humongous truck in a two-car garage
Hoppin' out with two broken legs
Trying to walk it off
Fuck you too bitch, call the cops
I'ma kill you and them loud-ass motherfuckin' barking dogs
And when the cops came through
Me and Dre stood next to a burnt down house
With a can full of gas and a hand full of matches
And still weren't found out (right here)
From here on out it's the Chronic II
Starting today and tomorrow's anew
And I'm still loco enough to choke you to death with a Charleston Chew
Slim Shady, hotter than a set of twin babies
In a Mercedes Benz with the windows up
When the temp goes up to the mid-80s
Callin' men ladies, sorry, Doc, but I been crazy
There's no way that you can save me
It's okay, go with him Hailie (Dada)

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Dr. Dre]
If it was up to me, you motherfuckers would stop coming up to me
With your hands out looking up to me
Like you want something free
When my last CD was out, you wasn't bumping me
But now that I got this little company
Everybody wanna come to me like it was some disease
But you won't get a crumb from me
Cause I'm from the streets of Compton
I told 'em all, all them little gangstas
Who you think helped mold 'em all
Now you wanna run around talkin' bout guns like I ain't got none
What you think I sold 'em all, cause I stay well off
Now all I get is hate mail all day saying Dre fell off
What cause I been in the lab with a pen and a pad
Tryin' to get this damn label off
I ain't havin' that
This is the millennium of Aftermath
It ain't gonna be nothin' after that
So give me one more platinum plaque and fuck rap, you can have it back
So where's all the Mad Rappers at
It's like a jungle in this habitat
But all you savage cats
Know that I was strapped with gats
While you were cuddling a Cabbage Patch

[Hook]
[Intro:]
And why do we call ourself 'Niggas 4 Life'
Cause if we die we still gon' be some dead niggas

"You don't really think you're gonna get away, do you?"
"We haven't spotted them yet."
"But they're somewhere in the immediate vicinity."

[MC Ren]
A 100 Miles and Runnin'
MC Ren, I hold the gun and
You want me to kill a mutherfucker and it's done in
Since I'm stereotyped to kill and destruct -
Is one of the main reasons I don't give a fuck
Chances are usually not good
Cause I'm frisked with my hands on a hot hood
And gettin' jacked by the you-know-who
When in a black and white the capacity is two
We're not alone, we're three more brothers, I mean street-brothers
Now wearing medallions, cause we're not stupid, mutherfuckers
They're out to take our heads for what we said in the past
Point blank - They can kizz my black azz
I didn't stutter when I said "Fuck Tha Police"
Cause it's hard for a nigga to get peace
Now it's broken and can't be fixed
Cause police and little black niggers don't mix so
Now I'm creepin' through the fall
Runnin' like a team. Well, see, I might have slayed y'all
So for now pack the gun and
Hold it in the air
Cause MC Ren has a 100 Miles of Runnin'...

"Into this news. Four fugitives are on the run."
"FBI sources tell us that the four are headed"
"100 miles to their homebase, Compton."

[Dr. Dre]
Lend me a mutherfuckin' ear
[Eazy-E]
So I can tell you why...

[Dr. Dre]
Runnin' with my brothers, headed for the homebase
With a steady pace on the face that just we raced
The road ahead goes on and on
The shit is gettin' longer than the mutherfuckin' marathon
Runnin' on but never runnin' out
Stayin' wired and if I get tired, I can still try out
Hitchhikin' if that's what it gotta do
But nobody's pickin' up a Nigga Witta Attitude
Confused...
Yo, but Dre's a nigga with nuthin' to lose
One of the few who's been accused and abused
Of the crime of poisonin' young minds
But you don't know shit til you been in my shoes
And Dre is back from the C-P-T
Droppin' some shit that's D-O-P-E
So fuck the P-O-L-I-C-E!
And any mutherfucker that disagrees
Stuck and runnin' hard, hauling ass
Cause I been a nigga known for havin' a notorious past
My mind was slick - my temper was too quick
Now the FBI's all over my dick

[Eazy E]
Got the stick and runnin' just to find the gun that started the clock
That's when the E jumped off the startin' block
A 100 Miles from home and ,yo, it's a long stretch
A little sprintin' mutherfucker that they won't catch
Yeah, back to Compton again
Yo, it's either that or the Federal pen
Cause niggas been runnin' since beginning of time
Takin' a minute to tell you what's on my mutherfuckin' mind
Runnin' like I just don't care
Compton's 50 miles but , yo, I'mma get there
Archin' my back and on a straight rough
Just like Carl Lewis I'm ballin' the fuck out
From city to city I'm a menace as I pass by
Rippin' up shit just so you can remember I'm
A straight up nigga that's done in, gunnin' and comin'
Straight at yo ass
A 100 Miles and Runnin'...

Interlude:

This one goes out to the four brothers from Compton
You're almost there, but the FBI has a little message for you:
"Nowhere to run to, baby. Nowhere to hide."
Good luck brothers

[MC Ren]
Runnin' like a nigga I hate to lose
Show me on the news but I hate to be abused
I know it was a set-up
So now I'm gonna get up
Even if the FBI wants me to shut up
But I've got 10 000 niggas strong
They got everybody singin' my "Fuck Tha Police" song
And while they treat my group like dirt
Their whole fuckin' family is wearin' our T-shirts
So I'mma run til I can't run no more
Cause it's time for MC Ren to settle the score
I got a urge to kick down doors
At my grave like a slave even if the Ren calls

[Dr. Dre]
Clouds are dark and brothers are hidin'
Dick-tricklin' at the sunny mutherfucker's are ridin'
Started with five and, yo, one couldn't take it
So now there's four cause the fifth couldn't make it
The number's even - now I'm leavin'
We're never gettin' took by a bitch with a weave in
Her and the troops are right behind me
But they're so fuckin' stupid, they'll never find me

[Eazy E]
One more mile to go through the dark streets
Runnin' like a mutherfucker on my own two feet
But you know I never stumble or lag last
I'm almost home so I better haul ass
Tearin' up everything in sight
It's a little crazy mutherfucker dodging the searchlight
Now that chase, the shit, is done and
Four mutherfuckers goin' crazy with
A 100 Miles of Runnin'!

Outro:

Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop!
Surprise, niggas!
[Dr. Dre]
Niggas that I used to know and sell dope wit'
Listen to how a motherfucker flow shit
And let me know what's up and they can blast on
Thinkin' about the homies that passed on
Death Row come to show you all the game at
And show you how my label got the name that
So many wanna see me, and time is money
But never in the P-E-N, yo
Welcome back to Viet Nam, California
Ain't a damn thing changed, so let me warn you
Every motherfuckin minute you on the West Side
The best side, 20 niggas that just died
Walkin' down the streets of L.A
Stay strapped cause niggas bust caps every day, yo
The 1-8-7 don't stop, on undercover cops
So on this spot gettin' popped, shot
Droppin' like this and like that
Rat-tat-tat-tat with their caps peelin' back
So creep when you in the C-P-T
You catch heat from fuckin' with' the D-R-E
I got my eyes on the shit unfolding
And there ain't gonna be no trippin'
Cause they know the type of shit that I be holding
If there's another word said
I'll let my forty-fo' go buck to the head, nigga

[Hook: Dr. Dre & Snoop Dogg]
Yeah, and you don't stop
Cause it's 1-8-7 on an undercover cop
Yeah, and you don't stop
Cause it's 1-8-7 on an undercover cop

[Snoop Dogg]
3 and to the 2 and 2 and to the 1
Head away, sent away, get away Snoop's got a gun
And he's lookin' for the cops who set him up in '86
Now it's time to put they ass in the mix
Back on the streets with my khakis and my scars
Nuts full of cavi and I'm headed for the bar
Scared as a motherfucker, cause I'm fresh out
But I got to make my green, and plus they all fiend
Follow me, they keep yellin' murder, but it won't stop
Until the last nigga that you know drop
Another nigga out, but I doubt that you really give a fuck what it's about
Now, 99 pigs on a block with me
Not a motherfuckin' cop wanna knock with me
A C-O-N-V-I-C-T, the motherfuckin' D-O-G, comin' from the L-B-C
Look at what the doc brought in
A chrome 38, a Fo'ty-fo' mag, and mack 10
So what you wanna do? (What you wanna do?)
I got the gauge, a uzi and the mothafuckin 22
So if you wanna blast, nigga we can buck 'em
If we stick 'em then we stuck 'em so fuck 'em!"

Yeah, and you don't stop
Cause it's 1-8-7 on a motherfuckin cop
Yeah, and you don't stop
Cause it's 1-8-7 on a motherfuckin cop

Splat to a motherfucker face, he fall
Strong motherfucker cause he starts to crawl
I guess I gots to load the Glock again
Hit 'im with the hollow points and watch him spin
Fuck it, I had to do this quick
Grabbed the Glock 17, the clip went click
Tried to detect, but did not detect perfect
So I creep on that ass, pops him and drops him
That ought to stop from beatin' up blacks
Dead in his tracks, from a full six pack
Relax, cause I'm about to take my respect
I aimed the twelve gauge straight for his neck
Boo-yaa! Boo-yaa! then I fade into the wind
1-8-7 and it's on again
Well it's on, and it's on, and it's on, and it's on
Fo'-fo' Desert Eagle to your motherfuckin' dome
And it's on, and it's on, and it's on, and it's on
Fo'-fo' Desert Eagle to your motherfuckin' dome
Fuck 'em, buck 'em, if they really wanna trip
Niggas keep your hands on your motherfuckin' shit

Yeah, and you don't stop
Cause it's 1-8-7 on a motherfuckin cop
Yeah, and you don't stop
Cause it's 1-8-7 on a motherfuckin cop...
[Produced by Metro Boomin]

[Verse 1]
It was 1 in the mornin' and I was up yawnin'
Moms asked where I'm goin', to the hood if you ain't knowin'
Pops locked up so mama couldn't stop me
I was out the house, ASAP Rocky
And it wasn't cause she couldn't control us
We was her babies, she just wanted to hold us
And we ain't get disciplined, her friend started whisperin'
About how she was a bad mama, mama said "fuck 'em then"
I was in the streets stylin', nobody could tell me nothin'
Grandpa or grandma, not my auntie or my favorite cousin
I was buzzin'
Fuckin' all these hoes wearing no condoms, no nothin'
I used to ditch school when the homie had the Chevy
I used to sneak and smoke stress weed

[Hook]
But now I'm rollin' on dubs
How you feel, whooptie woop, nigga, what?
Now I'm rollin' on dubs
How you feel, whooptie woop, nigga, what?
All these hoes showin' love
How you feel, whooptie woop, nigga, what?
All these hoes showin' love
How you feel, whooptie woop, nigga, what?

[Verse 2]
SKKKRRRT, I was on a mission
On a mission to the money, sun down till it sunny
Know my family love me
Ridin' in the car with two niggas and a pistol
This ain't funny, I do it all for the money, hold up
Slowly as I pull up to the donut stand, I already know the plan
Hop out and get on your mans and take what he got
Go through pockets, wallets and socks, dig all the knots
It's a stick-up, phone ring, it's my mama
In the middle of some drama, so I don't pick up
Thinking I gotta get my shit up, I gotta pick my bitch up
Let's hurry up and leave, I feel the police near us
So we left with a thousand dollars cash
It was me and my nigga, so you know I went half
Then shit get real when niggas get greedy
Pop, pop, pop, pow, that's when he leave me
1. LOLO (INTRO) :40
Performed by Xzibit & Tray-Dee
Low Rider provided by Kevin "Elbow" Smith

2. THE WATCHER 3:28
MUSICIANS: Bass: Mike Elizondo; Keyboards: Scott Storch & Camara Kambon; Percussion: Taku Hirano
BACKGROUND VOCALS: Eminem & Knoc'Turnal
RECORDED AT: Larrabee West
ENGINEER: Richard "Segal" Huredia
ASSISTANT ENGINEERS: Ted Reiger, Steve Macauley, Alex Slinn & Michelle Lynn Forbes
A. Young/WB Music Corp./Ain't Nuthin' Goin' On But Fuckin' Music/ASCAP/M. Mathers/Famous Music Publishing/Eight Mile Style/BMI

3. FUCK YOU 3:25
Featuring Devin a/k/a The Dude & Snoop Dogg
MUSICICANS: Bass: Mike Elizondo; Guitar: Sean Cruse; Keyboards: Camara Kambon & Scott Storch; Percussion: Taku Hirano
RECORDED AT: Encore, Larrabee West Studios, Dre's Crib
ENGINEER: Richard "Segal" Huredia
ASSISTANT ENGINEERS: Dave Tenhouten, Steve Macauley & Pete Novack
A. Young/WB Music Corp./Ain't Nuthin' Goin' On But Fuckin' Music/ASCAP/C. Broadus/My Own Chit Music/EMI Blackwood Music Inc./BMI/D. Copeland/In The Water Publishing/ASCAP/B. Bailey/Loot On Loose Leaves/Big Yacht Publishing/ASCAP

4. STILL D.R.E. * 4:28
Featuring Snoop Dogg
MUSICIANS: Keyboards: Scott Storch & Camara Kambon
RECORDED AT: A&M Recording/Record One
ENGINEER: Richard "Segal" Huredia
ASSISTANT ENGINEERS: Michelle Forbes, Steve MacAuley & Jeff
Burns
A. Young/WB Music Corp./Ain't Nuthin' Goin' On But Fuckin'
Music/ASCAP/M. Bradford/WB Music Corp./Hard Working Black Folks Publishing/ASCAP/S. Carter/EMI Blackwood Music, Inc./Lil LuLu Publishing/BMI/S. Storch/Scott Storch Music/ASCAP

5. BIG EGO'S 4:01
Featuring Hittman
MUSICIANS: Keyboards: Scott Storch
RECORDED AT: Skip Saylor's & Can Am Studios
ENGINEER: Richard "Segal" Huredia
ASSISTANT ENGINEERS: Daniel Romero, Patrick Shevilin & Michelle Lynn Forbes
A. Young/WB Music Corp./Ain't Nuthin' Goin' On But Fuckin'
Music/ASCAP/M. Bradford/WB Music Corp./Hard Working Black Folks Publishing/ASCAP/T. Curry/Sony Music Publishing/Phat Cat Music/ASCAP/B. Bailey/Loot On Loose Leaves/Big Yacht Publishing/ASCAP/S. Storch/Scott Storch Music/ASCAP/R. Bembry/ASCAP

6. XXPLOSIVE 3:35
Featuring Hittman, Kurupt, Nate Dogg & Six Two
MUSICIANS: Bass: Colin Wolfe; Guitar: Sean Cruse; Keyboards: Camara Kambon; Percussion: Taku Hirano
BACKGROUND VOCALS: Hittman
RECORDED AT: Sierra Sonics Studios
ENGINEER: Richard "Segal" Huredia
ASSISTANT ENGINEERS: Dave Tenhouten, Tom Gordon, Steve Macauley & Pete Novack
A. Young/WB Music Corp./Ain't Nuthin' Goin' On But Fuckin'
Music/ASCAP/C. Longmiles/Sony Music Publishing/Phat Cat Music/ASCAP/R. Brown/Antraphil Music/Sharon Hill Music/BMI/N. Hale/Nate Dogg Music/BMI

7. WHAT'S THE DIFFERENCE 4:04
Featuring Eminem & Xzibit
MUSICIANS: Keyboards: Camara Kambon
BACKGROUND VOCALS: Phish
RECORDED AT: Skip Saylor's & Larrabee West Studios
ENGINEER: Richard "Segal" Huredia
ASSISTANT ENGINEER: Dylan Vaughn, Mauricio Iragorri, Dave Tenhouten & Pete Novack
M. Bradford/WB Music Corp./Hard Working Black Folks Publishing/ASCAP/M. Mathers/Famous Music Publishing/Eight Mile Style/BMI/A. Joyner/Voco Music/Hennessy For Everyone/BMI/S. Harris/City Housing Publishing/BMI/R. Bembry/ASCAP

8. BAR ONE 0:51
Performed by Traci Nelson, Ms. Roq & Eddie Griffin

9. LIGHT SPEED 2:30
Featuring Hittman
MUSICIANS: Keyboards: Camara Kambon; Guitar: Sean Cruse; Bass: Mike Elizondo
BACKGROUND VOCALS: Ms. Roq, Knoc-Turn'al
RECORDED AT: Encore & Larrabee North Studios
ENGINEER: Richard "Segal" Huredia
ASSISTANT ENGINEERS: Dave Tenhouten, Steve Macauley & Michelle Lynn Forbes
A. Young/WB Music Corp/Ain't Nuthin' Goin' On But Fuckin' Music/ASCAP/B. Bailey/Loot On Loose Leaves/Big Yacht Publishing/ASCAP

10. FORGOT ABOUT DRE 3:54
Featuring Eminem
MUSICIANS: Bass: Mike Elizondo; Guitar: Sean Cruse; Keyboards: Camara Kambon
RECORDED AT: Sierra Sonics Studios & Larrabee West Studios
ENGINEER: Richard "Segal" Huredia
ASSISTANT ENGINEER: Tom Gordon & Michelle Lynn Forbes
A. Young/WB Music Corp/Ain't Nuthin' Goin' On But Fuckin' Music/ASCAP/M. Bradford/WB Music Corp./Hard Working Black Folks Publishing/ASCAP/M. Mathers/Famous Music Publishing/Eight Mile Style/BMI

11. THE NEXT EPISODE 2:42
Featuring Snoop Dogg
MUSICIANS: Keyboards: Camara Kambon, Guitar: Sean
Cruse, Bass: Preston Crump
BACKGROUND VOCALS: Kurupt
RECORDED AT: Sierra Sonics, Encore Studios
ENGINEER: Richard "Segal" Huredia
ASSISTANT ENGINEER: Tom Gordon, Michelle Lynn Forbes & Dave Tenhouten
A. Young/WB Music Corp./Ain't Nuthin' Goin' On But Fuckin' Music/ASCAP/M. Bradford/WB Music Corp./Hard Working Black Folks Publishing/ASCAP/C. Broadus/My Own Chit Music/EMI Blackwood Music Inc./BMI/B. Bailey/Loot On Loose Leaves/Big Yacht Publishing/ASCAP

12. LET'S GET HIGH 2:27
Featuring Hittman, Kurupt & Ms. Roq
MUSICIANS: Bass: Mike Elizondo; Guitar: Sean Cruse; Keyboards: Camara Kambon & Scott Storch
ADDITIONAL VOCALS: Mel-Man & Scruncho
BACKGROUND VOCALS: Traci Nelson & Anthony
RECORDED AT: Skip Saylor's Studios
ENGINEER: Richard "Segal" Huredia
ASSISTANT ENGINEERS: Ian Blach, Patrick Shevelin & Michelle Lynn Forbes
A. Young/WB Music Corp./Ain't Nuthin' Goin' On But Fuckin' Music/ASCAP/M. Mathers/Famous Music Publishing/Eight Mile Style/BMI/B. Bailey/Loot On Loose Leaves/Big Yacht Publishing/ASCAP/R. Weaver/Rockin' It Music/BMI/R. Brown/Antraphil Music/Sharon Hill Music/BMI

13. BITCH NIGGAZ 4:14
Featuring Snoop Dogg, Hittman & Six-Two
MUSICIANS: Bass: Mel-Man; Guitar: Sean Cruse; Scratches: DJ Pen; Keyboards: Camara Kambon & Scott Storch; Percussion: Taku Hirano
RECORDED AT: Skip Saylor's & Larrabee West Studios
ENGINEER: Richard "Segal" Huredia
ASSISTANT ENGINEERS: Marek, Dave Tenhouten, Steve Macauley & Michelle Lynn Forbes
M. Bradford/WB Music Corp./Hard Working Black Folks Publishing/ASCAP/C. Broadus/My Own Chit Music/EMI Blackwood Music Inc./BMI/B. Bailey/Loot On Loose Leaves/Big Yacht Publishing/ASCAP/C. Longmiles/Sony Music Publishing/Phat Cat Music/ASCAP

14. THE CAR BOMB 1:01
Performed by Mel-Man & Charis Henry

15. MURDER INK 2:28
Featuring Hittman & Ms. Roq
MUSICIANS: Bass: Mike Elizondo; Keyboards: Scott Storch  & Camara Kambon
BACKGROUND VOCALS: Traci Nelson
RECORDED AT: Sierra Sonics, Encore & Larrabee West Studios
ENGINEER: Richard "Segal" Huredia
ASSISTANT ENGINEERS: Tom Gordon, Dave Tenhouten & Michelle Lynn Forbes
A. Young/WB Music Corp./Ain't Nuthin' Goin' On But Fuckin' Music/ASCAP/B. Bailey/Loot On Loose Leaves/Big Yacht Publishing/ASCAP/R. Weaver/Rockin' It Music/BMI

16. ED-UCATION 1:32
Performed by Eddie Griffin

17. SOME L.A. NIGGAZ 4:25
Featuring DeFari, Xzibit, Knoc-Turn'al, Time Bomb, King T, MC Ren & Koka
MUSICIANS: Bass: Mike Elizondo; Guitar: Sean Cruse; Keyboards: Camara Kambon
BACKGROUND VOCALS: Koka
RECORDED AT: Encore Studios, Larrabee North & Larrabee West
ENGINEER: Richard "Segal" Huredia
ASSISTANT ENGINEERS: Dave Tenhouten, Dirty J Lemiere, Steve Macauley, Michelle Lynn Forbes
A. Young/WB Music Corp./Ain't Nuthin' Goin' On But Fuckin' Music/ASCAP/B. Bailey/Loot On Loose Leaves/Big Yacht Publishing/ASCAP/R. Harbor/Big Deezzz Publishing/Knoc-Turn'Al Music/ASCAP/A. Joyner/Voco Music/Hennessy For Everyone/BMI/M. Holder/Rowdioso Young Loc Ridaz/ASCAP/R. McBride/Dope Deal Musick/ASCAP/D. Johnson/ASCAP

18. PAUSE 4 PORNO 1:33
Performed by Jake Steed
Music provided by Laylow and Aaron Harris

19. HOUSEWIFE 4:03
MUSICIANS:
RECORDED AT:
ENGINEER:
ASSISTANT ENGINEERS:

20. ACKRITE 3:40
MUSICIANS:
RECORDED AT:
ENGINEER:
ASSISTANT ENGINEERS:

21. BANG BANG 3:42
MUSICIANS:
RECORDED AT:
ENGINEER:
ASSISTANT ENGINEERS:

22. THE MESSAGE 5:11
Featuring Mary J. Blige & Rell
MUSICIANS: Keyboards: Finesse & Camara Kambon
RECORDED AT: D & D Recording, Encore Studios
ENGINEER: Richard "Segal" Huredia, Kieren Walsh
ASSISTANT ENGINEER: Dave Tenhouten, Elai Tubo, Michelle Lynn Forbes

OUTRO Performed by Thomas Chong
ADDITIONAL CREDITSEXECUTIVE PRODUCER: DR. DRE
Production Manager: Larry Chatman
Aftermath Product Manager: Kirdis G. Tucker
A&R Direction: Charles "Big Chuck" Stanton/Mike Lynn
Aftermath Project Coordinator: Damon "Bing" Chatman
Interscope Product Manager: Michelle Thomas
Interscope Production Coordinator: Andrew Van Meter
Interscope Photo Shoot Coordinator: Ekaterina Kenney
Mixed At: Larrabee Sound Recording Studios/Los Angeles
*Mixed At: Larrabee North
Mixed By: Dr. Dre
Mix Engineer: Richard "Segal" Huredia
Mastered At: Bernie Grundman's Mastering
Mastered By: Brian "Big Bass" Gardner
Album Editing: Paul Foley
Album & Mix Engineer: Richard "Segal" Huredia
Collage Photography: Richard "Segal" Huredia
Collage Concept: Charis Henry
Photography: Stan Musilik & Donn Thompson
Art Direction & Design: Jason Clark for roquegraphics.com

ALL SONGS PRODUCED BY DR. DRE AND MEL-MAN
EXCEPT: "THE MESSAGE" PRODUCED BY LORD FINESSE
SOUND CHECK PROVIDED BY KIM BULLARD
Snoop Dogg records exclusively for and appears courtesy of Priority Records
Kurupt appears courtesy of Antra Music Group
Nate Dogg appears courtesy of Dogg Foundation Records
Knoc-Turn'al appears courtesy of L.A. Confidential Records
Devin the Dude appears courtesy of Rap-A-Lot Records
Mary J. Blige appears courtesy of MCA Records
Defari appears courtesy of Tommy Boy Records
Xzibit appears courtesy of Loud Records
Hittman appears  courtesy of Aftermath Entertainment/Big Yacht Entertainment
COPYRIGHT / DISTRIBUTIONAftermath Entertainment/Interscope Records. 2220 Colorado Ave. Santa Monica, CA 90404. Manufactured and distributed in the United States by Universal Video and Music Distribution Corp. ℗©1999 Aftermath Entertainment/Interscope Records
All rights reserved. Printed in the U.S.A. Warning: Unauthorized reproduction of this recording is prohibited by Federal law and subject to criminal prosecution
[Intro]
Eazy-E: Yo Dre where's the goddamn drum machine?
Dre: Ah shit, I left the motherfucker with Pooh
Eazy-E:You dumb motherfucker what the fuck we gonna do now?
Yella: Hey man I got some drums in the back
Dre: Man what the fuck is he talking bout
Ren: Yo does it look like we can play some fucking drums?
Yella: Man I can play the drums
Everyone else: Bullshit!
Yella: Man I used to fuck it up at Compton High
Ren: Give this nigga some sticks
Yo Fuck it up Yella

[Verse 1: MC Ren]
Yo we're two hard motherfuckers
Taking out any punk ass suckers
Can you believe this? if so be frightened
Were strong as fuck, with the power of a titan
Setting a mark of destruction get it
So don't front, and say you ain't with it
You wanna rumble with us you can't hang
Because we're something like a two man gang
Starting some shit is what we do best
Just care about ourself and say fuck the rest
So yo Eazy, bust it and shoot to kill
And tell these stupid motherfuckers the deal

[Verse 2: Eazy-E]
I look you dead in the eye then I spit
I tell you to your face punk you ain't shit
I don't give a god damn about feelings
I'm just happy just as long as I'm killing
A 187's in progress, nigga
Just as soon as I pull this trigger
Automatic heavily, I start firing
And the kids on the block, I'm the one they're admiring
A bad mouth nigga on the violent tip
I catch you talking some shit and I'mma bust your lip
Now who you gonna tell that I'm making you soft
The police ain't shit cause I'm paying 'em off
I move slow, always ready to go so fuck it
And bitches on my dick, they know that they can suck it
I'm a hardhead, always having a fit
When I'm not allowed to tear up shit
I'm a hard motherfucker

[Hook]
Two of the hardest motherfuckers
(Repeat x4)

[Verse 3: MC Ren]
Now look at me I'm a crazed bitch
With a gangster profanity pitch
Ren is a nigga that don't give a fuck
To a pussy ass fool trying to press his luck
I'm ready to scrap that's if you're ready to go
I'll take you out going toe to toe
E will start a conversion and hit you from the back
While you getting fucked by a ruthless jack
Critical condition is what you receive
Thinking of some back up to go and retrieve
But Eazy tell what would happen my man
(They would get fucked up by a ruthless clan)
So it's simple, we don't give a fuck right
So you and your boy can get the fuck out my sight
I'm on tilt with class getting ready to blast
Cause I'm a hard motherfucker

[Hook]

[Eazy-E]
Eazy and Ren is fucking it up again
Scheming up a plot before we begin
Because niggas like to stare like a bitch sometimes
They say how could them niggas have some hell of a rhymes

[M.C. Ren]
It's simple tell 'em what we mean
When the two baddest motherfuckers step on the scene

[Eazy-E]
Now this is some shit

[M.C. Ren]
Yo what are you saying

[Eazy-E]
You stupid motherfuckers, they think I'm playing
Talking all kind of shit of shit but I'm cracking it up
I can afford to laugh cause I'm backing it up
I'm not a buster I'm more like a hitman
So if you don't wanna throw then you can get down
You don't like the fuck away from me
So you can stop the shit, trying to fuck the E

[M.C. Ren]
You heard what he said and it's the truth so whats up
So if you want me to go well I'm about to nut up
The two baddest motherfuckers alive
So I don't think that you and your boys can survive
You gotta girl, well if she's good to go
I bet me and E already fucked the ho
A train was in effect and your bitch was rocked
By a hell of a nigga that was hard to stop

[Eazy-E]
Yo Ren lets jet let's get the fuck on out

[M.C. Ren]
Because everybody knows what we're talking about
We're two hard motherfuckers

[Hook]
[Hook: Jeremih]
Tonight, we're gonna get badder (badder)
You're gonna get wetter (wetter)
We're gonna take our time
Not tomorrow, no, tonight, we'll love
(Fucking like we in love, we be fucking like we in love)

[Verse 1: Dr. Dre]
Yeah, she got that shit that make you kill a nigga
Crack that last bottle, I'll kill it with you
Pour my feelings out and spill it with you
That's a no-no, but what he don't know
Never hurt him, so just desert him
I find it hard to believe that he ain't pullin' your weave
No, I'm kiddin', I'm knowin' my dick is different
He kept his distance, I kept comin' over and stayed persistent
You bitin' your lips, toes twitching and she crinching
Steamin' up the bathroom 'til we left it a sauna
I beat it up and now you usin' my tee as pajamas
Your friends tried to warn you about me, even your mama
But you said you'd deal with the consequence, even if it was karma
But how can I complain when you give me insane brain?
Like you graduated with honors, you probably hate that I'm honest
But, fuck it, I'm going all out
You should too, good things don't last forever, I thought you knew

[Hook: Jeremih]
Tonight, we're gonna get badder (badder)
You're gonna get wetter (wetter)
We're gonna take our time
Not tomorrow, no, tonight, we'll love
(Fucking like we in love, we be fucking like we in love)

[Bridge: Jeremih]
Now don't you no worry about that
Whatever you want, I'm on that
So don't hesitate, girl, when you lonely
Baby, don't worry, we know that I got you

[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar]
Now here we go again, from the bed to the floor again
I hear your phone on vibrate and I know it's him
But that's what happens when that kitty's in the lion's den
You start lying and changing places
You might've been, I might've been too aggressive
But it was far from desperate
I mean, the swag I got, just know it's half the effort
They tryin' to toot my horn
But, shit, I sworn that I swarmed up in it, stamped and fingerprint it
Left the coupe tinted when you played the passenger
Don't be passing up 'til we finish
What we started, you with it? I'm with it
Then lay your seat way back like it was vintage
While I hit the highway and slowly puff on this spinach
Camouflage emotions got your feelings wide open
I'm hoping you come to grips
At least before you provoke 'em to trip
But that's inevitable, and if I put you on a pedestal
That means I'm fuckin' you on a chair

[Hook: Jeremih]
Tonight, we're gonna get badder (badder)
You're gonna get wetter (wetter)
We're gonna take our time
Not tomorrow, no, tonight, we'll love
(Fucking like we in love, we be fucking like we in love)

[Bridge: Jeremih]
Now don't you no worry about that
Whatever you want, I'm on that
So don't hesitate, girl, when you lonely
Baby, don't worry, we know that I got you

[Verse 3: Jeremih]
Now that I got you about they thinking out you
I want to stop and I don't want you to stop that
Ow, we in a phase, oh, I can't wait
Cause waters don't label you, oh, no, no
I'm from, came from the bottom, so just get on top of that
How about with the top back with your top back?
Take that off, uh, ooh, ooh, break that off more, more

[Hook: Jeremih]
Tonight, we're gonna get badder (badder)
You're gonna get wetter (wetter)
We're gonna take our time
Not tomorrow, no, tonight, we'll love
(Fucking like we in love, we be fucking like we in love)
[Intro: Jay-Z]
You ain't got enough stamps in ya passport to fuck with Young H-O
(heh-heh-heh)
International . . . uhh
Show young boys how to do this thing
The maturation of Jay-Z-Z . . heh
Check me out

[Verse 1: Jay-Z]
30's the new 20 nigga I'm so hot still (Uhh)
Better broad, better auto mobile (Uhh)
Bet a yard (Naw!) Bet a hundred mil
That by the songs end I'll probably start another trend
I know everything you wann' do
I did all that by the age of twenty-one
By twenty-two, I had that brand new Ac' coupe
I guess you could say that my legend just begun, I'm
Young enough to know the right car to buy
Yet grown enough not to put rims on it
I got that six-deuce with curtains, so you can't see me
And I didn't even have to put tints on it
I don't got the bright watch, I got the right watch
I don't buy out the bar, I bought the nightspot
I got the right stock, I got
Stockbrokers that's movin' it like white tops
I know you're like "FUCK! This is child abuse, call DYFS!"
I must just be getting nicer
You young boys ain't ready for real
30's the new 20 nigga, I'm so hot still

[Hook 1: Jay-Z]
I used to let my pants sag, not givin' a fuck
Baby boy, now I'm all grown up
I used to cruise the used car lot, put chrome on the truck
Baby boy, now I'm all grown up
I used to play the block like that (like that)
I used to carry knots like that (like that)
Now I got Black cards, good credit and such
Baby boy cause I'm all grown up

[Verse 2: Jay-Z]
30's the new 20 nigga, I'm on fire still
These young boys is like fire drills (Uhh)
False alarms (Uhh), the next don (Naw)
He ain't got it (Uhh), on to the next one (Young)
Still here (Yeah), still here like Mike
Gotta stop playin' with these children (Chea)
I'm a bully with the bucks (boots)
Don't let the patent leather shoes fool you youngin'
I got the fully in the tux
That was my past, now I'm so grown up
I don't got one gun on me
Gotta a sum on me to hire a gun army, get ya spun like laundry
And I'll be somewhere under palm trees, calmly listenin' to R&B
When we get the call he's, no longer with us, fire ya babysitters
You little fucks fall back for real
30's the new 20 nigga, I'm so hot still

[Hook 2: Jay-Z]
I used to let my pants sag, not givin' a fuck
Baby boy, now I'm all grown up
I used to cruise the used car lot, put chrome on the truck
Baby boy, now I'm all grown up
I used to wear my hoodie like that (like that)
Five deep in a hooptie like that (like that)
Now I got Black cards, good credit and such
Baby boy cause I'm all grown up

[Verse 3: Jay-Z]
(heh-heh-heh)
Ya'll roll blunts, I smoke Cubans all day
Ya'll youngin's chase, I'm Patronin' it straight
I like South Beach, but I'm in St. Tropez
Ya'll drink Dom, but not Rose (hey)
Ya chick shop at the mall
My chick burnin' down Bergdorf's
Comin' back with Birkin bags
Ya chick is like, "What type of purse is that?"
I'm from the era where niggas don't snitch
You from the era where snitchin' is the shit
I'm afraid of the future (why?)
Ya'll respect the one who got shot, I respect the shooter
Ya'll go to parties to ice grill
I go to parties to party with nice girls
Young boys gotta chill
30's the new 20 nigga, I'm so hot still

[Hook 3: Jay-Z]
I used to let my pants sag, not givin' a fuck
Baby boy, now I'm all grown up
I used to cruise the used car lot, put chrome on the truck
Baby boy, now I'm all grown up
Ya, we used to ball like that (like that)
Now we own the ball team, holla back (holla back)
Now I got Black cards, good credit and such
Baby boy cause I'm all grown up
Jay-Z: You ain’t got enough stamps in your passport to fuck with Young H.O
Ice Cube: Dada Dada
Jay-Z: International
Ice Cube: Papa Dock
Ice Cube: What up Jay
Jay-Z: Show young boys how to do this thing
Ice Cube: You know me, Ice Cube, I'm like a Glock nigga, I always got a hot sixteen, knamean

[Verse 1: Andre 3000]
I was a young lad of seventeen
My life had yet to show its ugly face
Only a pretty façade, hey God it's me
Remember three, thousand
The one who used to pray to be a rapper
My child's in the third grade
His favorite rapper wasn't rapping till he heard me
I wasn't rapping till I heard something called Erik B
And Rakim's Paid in Full
Rapper's really gettin' paid in full
So full that the kid's dont go to school in hopes of becomin' one of us
The only requirement is your bus
Now college is lookin' slim, product is hookin' them
Before their brains fully develop they get enveloped by the the vision tele
The television tells them their vision
Now it's hard for them to make decisions with out feelin'
Uncooled, unschooled, thumb rule
Rule of thumb, can't be dumb
I wish I would've studied abroad
Well I studied a broad and she studied me back
And my course was hard
That was that, this is this, listen up
Cause all I'm saying is
If thirty's the new twenty, thirty's the new twenty for them wheels as well
They lookin' for the mic or some pills to sell
While the girls are steady graduatin'
Nigga's standin' on the corner hatin', debatin'
Well should I get the new J's or the Kobe's
And they rollin' so they wide awake for four days
Ha, I'm a G-entleman, let's get re-aquainted
I am Andre Benjamin

[Hook: Jay-Z]
I used to let my pants sag, not givin’ a fuck
Baby boy, now I’m all grown up
I used to cruise the used car lot, put chrome on the truck
Baby boy, now I’m all grown up
I used to play the block like that
I used to carry knots like that
Now I got black cards, good credit and such
Baby boy, cause I’m all grown up, ha

[Verse 2: Jay-Z]
Ya’ll roll blunts, I smoke Cubans all day
Ya’ll young’uns chase, I’m Patron' it straight
I like South Beach but I’m in St. Tropez
Ya’ll drink Dom, but not Rose’
Hey, ya chick shop at the mall
My chick burning down Bergdorf’s
Comin' back with Birkin bags
Your chick is like, what type of purse is that
I’m from the era when niggas don’t snitch
You from the era where snitchin' is the shit
I’m afraid of the future
Ya’ll respect the one who got shot, I respect the shooter
Ya’ll go to parties to ice grill
I go to parties to party with nice girls
Young boys gotta chill, thirty’s the new twenty, nigga I’m so hot still

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Ice Cube]
Jay-Z, what can a young motherfucka tell me
About the LAPD, about the air that we breathe
Nothin', nada, zero, zilch
I want tits for fun, you want tits for milk
I'm all leather and silk, your fuckin' t-shirt look like a quilt
Playground king, climb the monkey bars that I built
Thirty's the new twenty, Phantom's the new Bentley
Nigga, dont tempt me, I'll bury you up in Tempe
And if I catch a ghost rider, tie him to a tree, gasoline like the lighter
Burn, you motherfuckin' fighta, treat you like George Bush treat Al-Qaeda
This is Guantanamo, think I'm a ho, I made the honor roll, mixed with Geronimo
Before this mic will pass, learn how to wipe your nose before you wipe your ass

[Hook]
[Intro]
There is no escaping, there's no place to hide
You scream someone save me, but they don't pay no mind
Goodnight, goodbye

[Verse 1]
You're walking down a horror corridor
It's almost four in the morning and you're in a, nightmare it's horrible
Right there's the coroner, waiting for ya
To turn the corner so he can corner ya, you're a goner, he's onto ya
Out the corner of his cornea, he just saw ya run
All ya want is to rest cause you can't run anymore, you're done
All he wants is to kill you in front of an audience
While everybody is watching in the party, applauding it
Here I sit while I'm caught up in deep thought again
Contemplating my next plot again, swallowing a Klonopin
While I'm noddin' in and out on the ottoman
At the Ramada Inn, holding onto the pill bottle, then
Lick my finger and swirl it round the bottom and
Make sure I got all of it, wake up naked at McDonald's with
Blood all over me, dead bodies behind the counter, shit
Guess I must'a just blacked out again, not again

[Hook]
It's 3 a.m. in the morning, put my key in the door
Bodies laying all over the floor and
I don't remember how they got there
But I guess I must'a killed 'em, killed 'em

[Verse 2]
Sitting nude in my living room, it's almost noon
I wonder what's on the tube, maybe they'll show some boobs
Surfing every channel until I find Hannah Montana
Then I reach for the aloe and Lanolin
Bust all over the wall panelin'
Dismantlin' every candle on top of the fireplace mantle and
Grab my flannel and my bandana then kiss the naked mannequin man again
You can see him standin' in my front window if you look in
I'm just a hooligan who's used to using hallucinogens
Causing illusions again, brain contusions again
Cutting and bruising the skin, razors, scissors and pins
Jesus, when does it end?
Phases that I go through, dazed and I'm so confused
Days that I don't know who gave these molecules to
Me, what am I gon' do? Hey, the prodigal son
The diabolical one, very methodical when I slaughter them

[Hook]

[Bridge]
She puts the lotion in the bucket
It puts the lotion on the skin
Or else it gets the hose again

[Verse 3]
I cut and I slash, slice and gash
Last night was a blast, I can't quite remember when I had that
Much fun off a half pint of the Jack
My last Vic and a half, a fleshlight of Kim Kardashian's ass
I remember the first time I dismembered a family member
December, I think it was: I was having drinks with my cousin
I wrapped him in Christmas lights, pushed him into the stinkin' tub
Cut him up into pieces and just when I went to drink his blood
I thought I oughta drink his bath water, that oughta be fun
That's when my days of serial murder manslaughter begun
The sight of blood excites me; that might be an artery, son
Your bloodcurdling screams just don't seem to bother me none
It's 3 a.m. and here I come, so you should probably run
A secret passageway around here, man, there's gotta be one
Oh no, there's probably none, he can scream all that he wants
Top of his lungs, but ain't no stopping me from chopping him up-up

[Hook]

[Outro]
Evil... Rise (X8)
[Produced by Jake One]

[Intro: Dr. Dre]
Yeah, classic hip hop shit
Dr. D-R-E, Rozay and Jay, let's get 'em

[Verse 1: Dr. Dre]
We started out mopping floors
And now we front row at the awards
Number one for the last twenty years
If you real, mothafucka scream cheers!
Mothafucka scream cheers!
Heh, and it is what it is
He wanted to shine at the swap meet
Til the white boys got him in that hot seat
I only love it when her hair long
You should listen to this beat through my headphones
Money long, number one twenty years strong
Fuck a gym, I am him, I'm Andre Young
G5эs to 64эs, Dre got 'em
If the bitch bad I got her in red bottoms
Great weed, nice homes, bread proper
Tec nine, one chamber, top shotta
Bentley coupe, new yacht, my helicopter
Born broke, real nigga straight out of Compton
The fuck you magazine niggas want from me?
I rewrote the game, nigga, now talk money
All black on my Al Capone shit
I built a house, nigga get your own shit
I only love it when her hair long
You should listen to this beat through my headphones

[Interlude: Rick Ross]
See y'all niggas
Hit the switches on that shit one time, ugh
Let the top down

[Verse 2: Rick Ross]
I came a long way from the weed game
Twenty stack seats at the Heat game
And I'm still strapped with the heat man
Can't be steppin' on a nigga feet man
80 pair of sneakers came from the D game
Cousin was a Crip, said it was a C thing
Brown bag money in a duffle bag
Fuck 'em all, wet 'em and we gotta double back
The homie whippin' chickens in his momma kitchen
On the mission, said he get it for his son tuition
Real nigga's dreams comin' to fruition
Stumble, but I never fall, leanin' on my pistol
I only love it when the ass fat
We should listen to this track in my Maybach
I'm just tryin' to be a billionaire
Come and suck a dick for a millionaire

[Interlude: Jay-Z]
Uh, it's just different
I know it feels different

[Verse 3: Jay-Z]
Uh, I only love her if her eyes brown
Play this shit while you play around with my crown
King H-O, y'all should know by now
But if you don't know, uh
Millions on the wall in all my rooms
Niggas couldn't fuck with my daughter's room
Niggas couldn't walk in my daughter's socks
Banksy bitches, Basquiat
I ran through that buck fifty Live Nation fronted me
They workin' on another deal, they talkin' two hundred fifty
I'm holdin' out for three
Two seventy five and I just might agree
Ex-D-boy, used to park my Beamer
Now look at me, I can park in my own arena
I only love her if her weave new
I'm still a hood nigga, what you want me to do?
Been hoppin' out the BM with your BM
Taking her places that you can't go with your per diem
Screamin' carpe diem until I'm a dead poet
Robin Williams shit, I deserve a golden globe bitch!
I take a Ace in the meanwhile
You ain't gotta keep this Khaled, it's just a freestyle
Fuck rap money, I've made more off grapes
Fuck show money, I spent that on drapes
Close the curtains, fuck boy, out my face
I whip the coke, let the lawyer beat the case
Murder was the case that they gave me
I killed the Hermes store, somebody save me
Stuntin' to the max like wavy, oh shit!
Oh, stuntin' to the max, I'm so wavy
Used to shop at TJ Maxx back in '83
I don't even know if it was open then
I ain't know Oprah then
Have the XL 80 bike
Loud motor, they be like, "Damn!" when I'm comin' through, rrraaanngg
Had the grill in '88, y'all niggas is late
You got all that, right?
I love this shit like my own daughter
Let's spray these niggas, baby, just like daddy taught ya
Young, this is just different
[Intro: The D.O.C. & Fresh K]
Here's a mix to make you move, smooth enough to soothe
Slow and lower you can go inside a bassed up groove (So funk it!)
It's gotta be, ain't no need to discuss it
(Yo Doc!) I finna kick this shit, alright! (Alright, then bust it!)

[Verse 1: The D.O.C.]
Rhymes created by the Doc, most definitely down!
I could be bitten by this brother with some bad ass brown
It ain't no joke, he needs some scope
Cause his breath is (cold!) dope
As he talks I can smell it, and I'm seeing the smoke
That's the bad breath bandit, you know what's in store
Stay away cause they breath will knock you (to the floor!)
That boy is (rough!) de soda (tough!) I don't understand
Tests his breath inside his palm, and burned his hand!
He's a tucks destroyer, a Listerine killer
A cavity employer, a yuck-mouth filler
(Say man, you bullshit!) no, that's a fact Fresh K
I wish Velamints could take his breath away
But he's.. always in effect, smelling like dead vermin
Honking the bitches with his firewalls burning
Winch his witch as a curl, just as funky as well
I mean he has a little woman that can match his smell (Yes!)
He has a girlfriend, this is not pretend
She uses deodorant to spray for men
(Scratch and sniff wallpaper all over the house)
Aww shit! (Yeah boy, that's what I'm talking about)
They need ten bars of soap, three boxes of Tide
To make them presentable to go outside
Now my story is true, and my opinion candid
But that is my tale of the bad breath bandit

[Interlude:]
[The D.O.C] But you know, that ain't even half of the shit
[Fresh K:-] Man, what's up?
[The D.O.C] This bitch who stay around the way, you know her K!
[Fresh K:-] Yeah?
[The D.O.C] Y'all want to talk about her?
[Fresh K:-] Bust it!
[Dr. Rock:] Oh kick her ass, man

[Verse 2: The D.O.C.]
Let's talk about girl who's a bonafide witch!
Name is Tammy, better known as bitch!
The boys in the hood all treat her like liquor
Quick is the way they pass her around and then stick her
I'm not saying she minds, she's a first class skeezer
Always on the jock, but only if he's uhh..
Man with the money and the looks to show
(So you saying she's a witch?) yeah Tammy's a material whore
You're getting laid, if you can rock a cross-fader
You got the bank, to make the bitch who'll get paid
Tagging Tammy's a process like when you use a computer
Use her and do her like they did in the old days (Shoot her!)
A whore and she knows it, yeah the knowledge is there
So they say that she's slutty and she tell them she don't care
But y'all I'm keeping my clear, even though she is pretty
(Cause we only use Tammy for a guest to the city) right on!

[Interlude:]
[The D.O.C] But bust this, Tammy ain't the only fucked-up freak in the city
[Dr. Rock:] Well who else, man?
[The D.O.C] Aww, come on Rock, you know her now, You know her
[Dr. Rock:] Seabiscuit breath, right?
[The D.O.C] Yeah, that's her
[Dr. Rock:] Yo! Go on! Bust it homes!

[Verse 3: The D.O.C.]
You stand around the bitch and your nose turns white
You ever thought about what Big Bird's shit smells like?
Well, you take that aroma, multiply it times two
And you think about Sue (Sour-smelling Sue!)
She's a girl that has the power to kill a fresh flower
Rock smelled the whore and said (Damn that bitch is sour!)
Now, I don't judge, I mean that's not what I'm thinking
People do what they want, and I guess she like stinking
But whatever the deal, I think someone should call Guiness
Cause this is kicking a scent that fucks up K's tennis shoes
And a dress, dress it fresh to impress
She really ought to be embarrassed because that girl is a mess
If you ever see her, you'll duck and cover
She looks like your sister but smells like your brother
And since they tell me Trey, honestly phrase:
I let her know that she reminded me of the Gunsmoke days
But it ain't no (thing) if she stink she'll (sing)
But to me it's like she needs a little (Irish Spring)
You ought to know what I'm saying, I hope I made myself clear
About the three ass whores, but Troll I'm out of here

[Outro: The D.O.C.]
Yo yo yo, these three people make me so sick that I gotta go 1988 on it
Tammy your momma ain't got no legs be talking about
I ain't gonna stand for this.. Ha ha ha ha!

[Dr. Rock]
Boy you sick man! You sick! Yeah yeah

[Fresh K]
Yo man! I got a story from 1988, check it out
Sue, you got so much butter on your teeth
That when you brush your teeth you have to use a butter knife!
Ha ha ha ha!

[Dr. Rock]
Get ready for the king, here I come, now check this out
Sour smelling Sue got so much dirt in her ear
That she can grow potatoes, Ha ha ha ha!
"Kick that shit!" -] Flavor Flav
{*scratched*} "City of Compton!"
{*scratched*} "City of Compton!" {*echoes*}

Cold kickin ass {*scratch*} cold kickin ass {*scratch*}
Cold kickin ass {*scratch*} "Kick that shit!"

"Pull up a chair.." -] Rakim {*echoes*}

[Verse One: Eazy-E]
I don't drink brass monkey, like the beat funky
Nickname Eazy-E yo' 8 ball junkie
Bass drum kickin, to show my shit
Rappin holdin my dick boy, I don't quit
Crowd rockin motherfucker from around the way
I got a six-shooter, yo' mean hombre'
Rollin through the hood, to find the boys
To kick dust and cuss, crank up some noise
Police on my drawers, I have to pause
40 ounce in my lap and it's freezin my balls
I hook a right turn and let the boys go past
Then I say to myself, "They can kiss my ass!"
Hip to get drunk got the 8 in my lips
Put in the old tape Marvin Gaye's greatest hits
Turn the shit up had the bass cold whompin
Cruisin through the Eastside, South of Compton
See a big ass, and I say word
I took a look at the face, and the bitch was to the curb
Hoes on my tip for the title I'm holdin
Eazy-E's fucked up and got the 8 ball rollin

I, was.. "Cold kickin ass"
I, was.. "Raised in L.A."
I, was.. "Cruisin down the street in my six-fo'" -] Eazy
{"Too, much, posse!" -] Flavor Flav}

[Verse Two: Eazy-E]
Ridin on Slausson lookin for Crenshaw
Turned down the sound, to ditch the law
Stopped at a light and had a fit
Cause a Mexican almost wrecked my shit
Flipped his ass off, put it to the floor
Bottle was empty so I went to the store
Nigga on tilt cause I was drunk
See a sissy-ass punk, had to go in my trunk
Reached inside cause it's like that
Came back out with a silver gat
Fired at the punk, and it was all because
I had to show the nigga what time it was
Pulled out the jammy and like a mirage
A sissy like that got out of Dodge
Sucka on me cause the title I'm holdin
Eazy-E's fucked up and got the 8 ball rollin

"Fuck it up y'all!" -] repeat 6X
{"YEAH!!!", *guitar riff* -] Beastie Boys}

[Verse Three: Eazy-E]
Olde English 800 cause that's my brand
Take it in a bottle, 40, quart, or can
Drink it like a madman, yes I do
Fuck the police and a 502
Stepped in the party, I was drunk as hell
Three bitches already said, "Eric yo' breath smells!"
40 ounce in hand, that's what I got
"Yo man you see Eazy hurling in the parkin lot?"
Stepped on your foot, cold dissed yo' ho
Asked her to dance and she said
"Hell no!"
Called her a bitch cause that's the rule
"Bitch, who you callin a bitch?!"
Boys in the hood tryin to keep me cool
You tell my homeboy you wanna kick my butt
I walked in your face and we get 'em up
I start droppin the dogs, and watch you fold
Just dumb full of cum, got knocked out cold
"Made you look sick you snotty-nosed prick!
Now your fly bitch is all over his
Dick!"
Punk got dropped cause the title I'm holdin
Eazy-E's fucked up and got the 8 ball rollin

"Stomp a mudhole in your ass!" -] Flavor Flav
"Stomp a mudhole in your ass, BITCH!" -] Flav

[Verse Four: Eazy-E]
Pass the brew motherfucker while I tear shit up
And y'all listen up close to roll call
Eazy-E's in the place I got money and juice
Rendezvous with me and we make the deuce
Dre makes the beats so god damn funky
Do the Olde 8, fuck the brass monkey
Ice Cube writes the rhymes, that I say
Hail to the niggas from C.I.A
Krazy D is down and in effect
We make hardcore jams, so fuck respect
Make a toast punky-punk to the title I'm holdin
Eazy-E's fucked up and got the 8 ball rollin

{*scratched*} "City of Compton!"
{*scratched*} "City of Compton!" {*echoes*}

{*scratched*} "City of Compton!" {*scratched to end*}
I'm taking it back to the classics
Yea

I'm a 90s' baby
Yea I said it, "I'm a 90s' baby"
This is the era that made me
I love that era and you can call me crazy
But that decade was wavy

I grew up in the best generation around
You can tell that without even making a sound
The 90s was popping that's why it's crowned
The best decade ever, 2000s’ babies don't put a frown

The era started after the year of ‘89
16 years after Nixon got resigned
It brought up an evolution in life

People were outside always going to use payphones
Kids would run outside for ice cream cones
And certain rappers were still yet to be known

Dre, Ice Cube, Rakim, and Cool J had the gangster kit
They dropped records that became big hits
2Pac, Jay Z, Nas, and Biggie later knew how to spit
Even when they had beef, they would not quit

Rap had a long history ahead of it and was always alive
"Hip hop took it to billions" Nas stated in We Will Survive
It was hip hop's best time when Eminem and 50 started to strive
Now all of them are successful with performances live

I grew up watching some of the best cartoons
From Pokémon, Rugrats, The Simpsons, and Looney Tunes
I came home to see Kids WB and Fox Kids in the afternoons
Seeing superheroes that made me wanna dress in their costumes

In theaters they had "Space Jam" and "Above The Rim"
Those movies made everyone wanna play ball at the gym
Then there were movie series like Rush Hour
They beat people up like "They got the power!"
And seeing them fight at the Eifel Tower

Its legacy and impact made even to the early 2000s'
The blessings the 90s' left is countless
The era ended years ago but the decade was boundless

God brought me in this world with the 90s' collection
And established me in the year of ‘97
It was a great year to be born in, did I forget to mention?
Everyone born in the era should have that same affection

Oh gees now I'm feeling all kiddish
So let me end this mix here and finish
Just trying to catch the attention of music critics
Yea
90's back i ain't black i just rap about the same exatct fact tha i got attacked at
The back of the street im weak when it comes to fighting speak when it comes to writing
Cause everytime i do that i get that lighting you see me frieghtend no you hear me lyeing
The fuck you buying my cd if you hide it behind the tv so nobody can fucking see me oh well anyways
We all going to hell cuz we had to sell oure souls for money and weathl got coacky and used it for are
Selves so we ended up with less sleep but fuck it now we can eat but we ain't much more than a big peice of
Dead meat fuck it i just need heat to cover this coldness that i can't treat and fuck it i just can't beat
The fact that this music is dying and i can't feed or provide the energy that it is need to get hip hop back on its feet
But im stuck with these dumb fucks dont be surprised if you see slugs cause ima pop everybody in this four cornerd
Fuckd room dont be afraid yall cuz itll be soon and ima pop one two three into the four five couple more to kill
Are still alivr but after this ain't no way none of yall is gon survive and im saying this straight up youre face
Dont try to diss me back cuz you can't rap and that is just another fucking true fact
[Narrator]
Let's describe a certain female
A female with a disease of character and attitude
If you will a snob
However in the view of NWA...

[Ice Cube]
A bitch is a bitch
So if I'm poor or rich
I talk in the exact same pitch
Now the title bitch don't apply to all women
But all women have a little bitch in 'em
It's like a disease that plagues their character
Taking the women of America
And it starts with the letter B
It makes a girl like that think she better than me
See, some get mad and some just bear it
But, yo, if the shoe fits wear it
It makes 'em go deaf in the ear that's why
When you say 'hi' she won't say 'hi'
Are you the kind that think you're too damn fly?
Bitch eat shit and die
Ice Cube coming at you at a crazy pitch
(Why?) I think a bitch is a bitch

[Girl]
Who the fuck you think you calling a bitch you little sorry motherfucker
I don't know who the fuck you think you talking to
Let me tell you one motherfucking thing, I'm not no-
"Bitch, shut the fuck up"

[Ice Cube]
Yo, you can tell a girl that's out for the money
She look good and the bitch walk funny
She ain't no dummy, she's rather conniving
Yo bitch, fuck what I'm driving
See a young nigga that's striving
You're through without a BMW
That's why a bitch is a bitch I guess
Or either P-M-S
Here, test the girl that's kinda snobby
And I bet you dissing niggas is her hobby
And after she finished the test
Write today a B-I-T-C-H
And watch her get mad cause she know it's true(She know it)
But a nigga like me'll say "fuck you"
Do like Ice Cube, slam her ass in a ditch(word)
Cause a bitch is a bitch

[Girl/Ice Cube]
Why I gotta be a bitch?
I ain't call you no bitch, if you listen to the goddamn song it'd tell you what a bitch is
Fuck the song cause I'm not no motherfucking bitch
I didn't say you was a bitch, if you stop acting like a goddamn bitch
Fuck you, little punk-ass little nigga
Fuck you, bitch! You sloppy-ass, scandalous-ass ho!
Fuck you! Who the fuck you think you are?
Fuck you! Suck my dick, bitch! You scandalous-ass, doo-doo dog breath, stinking, ugly...

[Ice Cube]
I once knew a bitch who got slapped
Cause she played me like she was all that
A bitch can be your best friend talking behind your back
About who's fucking who and who's getting fat
Look at yourself for me
Now do you fall in this category?
Are you the kind that won't blink
Cause you don't think your shit stink
Luckily I haven't had a drink
Cause I'd down your ass
Then I'd clown your ass
Cause the niggas I hang with ain't rich
We'll all say "Fuck you bitch!"
Now what I can do with a ho like you
Bend your ass over and then I'm through
Cause you see Ice Cube ain't taking no shit
(Why?) Cause I think a bitch is a bitch

[Narrator]
There you have it, the description of a bitch
Now ask yourself are they talking about you?
Are you that funky, dirty, money-hungry, scandalous, stuck-up, hair piece contact wearing bitch?
Yep, you probably are

Bitch!
[Intro: Busta Rhymes (Raekwon)]
Aiyo, Shallah, what up? (Yeah, you know how we do it)
(Turn me up, kid, let's get it popping)
Crazy, let's go get 'em killa (Yo Dre, good looking on this coke, man)
(This shit is official)

[Verse 1: Raekwon]
Aiyo, it's back to business, making them diskettes, pushing sixes
Rocking wild animals on jackets are sickening
Hear me? From here to Rockaway to Cali, we flipped this
Broad day, Chef'll saute, his lyrics is crispy
Now I got Dre up in the kitchen, Rae stuck in position
Bout to flame broil his coke and get busy
What? Politics, pop collars and drive violent whips
Stay fly, hungry and wise, you know the code, honor it
Sit back, yelling it's nothing, unless his buttons get pressed
We don't stress nothing, we only get dressed
Stretched out, moving professional, frying more fish
I heard it in slurs, them niggas is blessed
While we ball to the maximum, give me the floor, for real
I show off and let my money get stretched
Take it to a new level, new bezzle, few rebels
Few wolves with medals on, you know we get test

[Hook: Raekwon (Busta Rhymes)]
Me, nigga, me, that's who, Cash Rule
(Hah, better slow it down, niggas'll smash you, homey, uh)
Me, nigga, me, pass through, rascals
(Hah, half gorilla, half ape in them track suits, black, come on)
Me, nigga, me, capsules, birds, whips
Ounces and fifths (no licking the glass, duke, yeah)
Yeah, yea-yea-yeah, yea-yea-yeah, yeah (yeah)
I'm here, so it's there, yea-yea-yea-yeah, yeah

[Verse 2: Busta Rhymes]
Here comes the, a lethal presentation taking you places you never been
Deadlier than the combination of coke and heroin
I see the weakness in most of you niggas that be hollering
So I toned it down, so these words be piercing your lower obdomen
What I meant to say abdomen, keep on listening and following
While I'm ditecting a German, hateful niggas, chicks be swallowing
And if you look funny to me, and there's a problem then
I put you under an ultraviolet light or a halogen
As if I was busy deciphering counterfeit dollars and
Hoes in like some kind of Biblical figure, King Solomon
Hah, just for the record, what we do is essential
While I captivate the masses and keep the moments eventful
Doc Dre, Bust, Shallah Rae, see the vision?
Most you niggas still in disbelief, just came into fruition now
Pop the cork up off this bottle and you pour it
So euphoric, document this moment, shit is so historic

[Hook]

[Raekwon]
King of kings spit blood, all on my apron
Wash a nigga's face with the MAC, smoke them like Steak Umm's
Yeah my dynasty's brolic for real, we hunt, eat, catch the rat
Blow his waist, float in the stream
You know we all-pro with it, anti auto-tune
Boom, my flow fire, sit by the stove, hit it
Real niggas, official as listeners, gangstas and visitors
Step in the shit, we all prisoners
Might take the hammer from you, know I'm the animal
Rock a spur fur hat, no niggas in sandals, boo
Everyday get money and dress rugged, these are the times
Keep a nine on you, blow off in public
And I will surely feed my niggas the streets
Cop the hottest things to get, and haters they can eat and then preach
And while it go down, worldwide, this the team, this the theme
Me, Dre, Rhymes, my money makers is mean, what?

[Hook]
[Intro: Raekwon]
Yeah, ah-yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, ah-yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, ah-yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, ah-yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, you know how we do it
Turn me up, kid, let's get it popping
Yo Dre, good looking on this coke, man
This shit is official

[Verse 1: Raekwon]
Aiyo, it's back to business, making them diskettes, pushing sixes
Rocking wild animals on jackets are sickening
Hear me? From here to Rockaway to Cali, we flipped this
Broad day, Chef'll saute, his lyrics is crispy
Now I got Dre up in the kitchen, Rae stuck in position
Bout to flame broil his coke and get busy
What? Politics, pop collars and drive violent whips
Stay fly, hungry and wise, you know the code, honor it
Sit back, yelling it's nothing, unless his buttons get pressed
We don't stress nothing, we only get dressed
Stretched out, moving professional, frying more fish
I heard it in slurs, them niggas is blessed
While we ball to the maximum, give me the floor, for real
I show off and let my money get stretched
Take it to a new level, new bezzle, few rebels
Few wolves with medals on, you know we get test

[Hook: Raekwon]
Me, nigga, me, that's who, Cash Rule
You better slow it down, niggas'll smash you, cousin
Me, nigga, me, pass through, rascals
Half gorilla, half ape in them track suits, black
Me, nigga, me, capsules, birds, whips
Ounces and fifths no licking the glass, duke
Yeah, yea-yea-yeah, yea-yea-yeah, yeah (yeah)
I'm here, so it's there, yea-yea-yea-yeah, yeah

[Verse 2: Game]
Yo, I be on the Island, wildin', stallions under the Phantom hood
With the V12 growling like Mike Vick's pit bulls, the last one to die
Probably cried, chinky eyes, heading straight for the dirt
That's how it is in my hood, Compton, niggas put you under the Earth
Four-five bulging out that white T-shirt like a hard on
This block shit is ill, like the nigga that put Raekwon the God, on
I can drink to that, but all the Patron probably gone
Chef brought the Hennessey, we start to get our polly on
Ashy knuckles, taped up veggies in a duffle
Back to back Beemers, Moss'll play me in a huddle, yeah
I pop big shit, New York Knick shit
L.A. Laker paper, Kobe coming off a pick, shit
I'm the shooter, the marble rip ruger
Hard tops, we tell stories like Slick Rick the Ruler

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Raekwon]
I'm that live little live nigga up in the Lex
Swinging through hoods, ratchets and a couple Gillette's
Peoples is straight, can't tell me nothing, we cake
Rolling lovely, bricks and white shit up in Mercedes
I live by the code, I was never a fake
When it's time to ride, I be in the front with the ace
Lighting blunts, Marvin Gaye shit, bumping them great
Glass of Cru', get a writing hand, wiping the paint
Candy apple shine, all my niggas in the line, pollying
Everybody jollying, and we straight
What it do, baby, Wu coming through in that new Mercedes
Everybody looking like it's Houston, but it ain't
Staten Island hot boys, pushing them hot toys
You gon' fuck around and let your woman get you got boy
Who ripped the fever back in '97, rip the year?
Who came in Cali after west coast gangstas there?

[Hook]
[Intro: Hittman]
It's fuckin ackrite
Question is - can I get some? Know what I'm saying?
Ack-rite, bitch
When I see you in the spot, you just act right, you know what I'm saying?
When I yank you by the fuckin' arm
Don't be looking at a nigga crazy
Just give up the digits and be the fuck out, you know what I'm saying?
Let me break it down for y'all

[Verse 1: Hittman]
It was just one of those days
When I wanted to catch sunrays
It`s fun to gitt blunted on a Sunday afternoon
Nigga Bathed & got groomed, grabbed the gat for misbehavors
And the chocolate flavored boom, lost in hip-hop tunes
Zoom-zoom like the Commodores
Wonder will we have drama or, end up clowning whores
Round up four good-to-go girls
Like them Barbary Coast girls, riding shotgun, baby
I be postin all-world in the ride
Sipping 151 done gave me too much pride to back down
Soon as we get to The Beach I'mma put my fuckin mack down
I'm playin lead, not the background
It's time to put Bronson on the map now
Walk with my hand on my Johnson, crack a smile
Cuties peep my style, if I don't get some ackrite
I'mma have to ack-wild

[Hook: Hittman]
Blunt in my left hand, drink in my right
Strap by my waistline, cause niggas don't fight
Sucker free for life, so you better think twice
(Aight? And a give a nig' some ackrite)
I'm the type of nigga playa-haters don't like
Snatchin' up your honey for some late night hype
And snobby-ass bitches get slapped out of spite
(Aight? So give a nig' some ackrite, right)

[Hittman]
Uhhhhh.. drink kicking in, I'm stimulated
For those that don't know big words: I'm FUCKIN FADED
Eighty-three degrees, ease to a shaded spot
Our first spot was cool till some gangsters made it hot
Now we plot and pose
Plus we watchin hoes, with lots of flesh exposed
Getting swarmed by those type of niggas
With no game but brown-nose
So I impose only like pros can
"Yo, is this your man?" "No."
Grab the bitch's hand, "I'm Hittman."
Bling! Gold chain gleam
"You're very eligible for my summer league team."
Maybe too extreme cause the sister got steamed
Then Miss Thing tried to scream on my brethren
I got mad, spit phlegm on the name
Stefan, tattooed on her arm
Ho you ain't the bomb, must be a dyke
Gitcho' lips swoll, or give a nig' some ackrite

[Hook: Hittman]
Blunt in my left hand, drink in my right
Strap by my waistline, cause niggas don't fight
Sucker free for life, so you better think twice
(And a give a nig' some ackrite)
I'm the type of nigga playa-haters don't like
Snatchin' up your honey for some late night hype
And snobby-ass bitches get slapped out of spite
(So give a nig' some ackrite, right)

[Hittman]
Fronting on the ack-rite, causing me to act up
Good Samaritans save that ho from getting slapped up
My homies crack up at the scene I made
Yo my actions ain't serene when a nigga's on fade
If it wasn't for the one-time brigade
I woulda sprayed at the hooker tramp
As cops parade I'm afraid it's time to break camp
Make tracks, where else can we go to take hoes
From fake macks? {*CAR HORN*} Aiyyo, chase them girls
In that black Maxima, the passenger, almost fractured her
Neckbone, looking back at us
Plus, they on the dick cause the Caddy's plush
They blush, I bumrush the huss, with the largest crush
Try to swing an ep tonight so I don't have to keep in touch
Keep it on hush without the tippin`
Macking interrupted by some niggas set-tripping
Clip in the strap, I showed these niggas how to act

[Hook: Hittman]
[Verse 1]
Lacing up the Nike's dude, I'm hoping that you're quick fam
I'll assassinate your career faster than Dre did to Hittman
The whole game's on my hit list
If Kendrick's king then Vita's prince
Fuck an iPhone homie, drop Verizon dog, you need to Sprint
I stay by your home, creeping
I'm known for throat-kneeing
And choking non-believers till eyes rolling and dome's leaking
Start screaming, eye me and you're medusa-freezing
I'm cutting up your body and eating you while your heart's beating
Yea
This that horror movie shit for real
Branches breaking, wolves are howling on a forest trail
Killer instincts, I'm choking you with a phone cord, you're saying bye, bye, bye before you end sync
I'm done playing fuckers, you had your time in the limelight
I'm coming for you now, those five mics are mine right?
Hoping that my vocals can one day get my stacks right
Until then I'm nobody, so fuck you if you ain't Ackrite

[Hook]
Your nuts in my left hand, knife in my right
Game in a stranglehold; it's pointless to fight
I'm not famous yet so I don't need to act right, right, right, right, right
You pussy ass bitches getting slapped on sight
I'm getting drunk and fighting every god damned night
Taking baths in holy water, can't see light, light, light, light
[Hook] x2
[Rage] I rock rough and stuff with my Afro Puffs (rage)
[Snoop] Rock on, wit cha bad self

[Verse 1: The Lady of Rage]
I rock on with my bad self cause it's a must
It's the Lady Of Rage still kickin up dust
So umm, let me loosen up my bra strap
And umm, let me boost ya with my raw rap
Cause I'mma break it down to the nitty-gritty one time
When it comes to the lyrics I gets busy with mine
Busy as a beaver, ya best believe-a
This grand diva's runnin shit with the speed of a cheetah, meet a
Lyrical murderer... I'm servin em like two scoops of chocolate
Check it how I rock it
I'm the one that's throwin bolos, ya better roll a Rolo
To find out I'm the number one solo, uhh
The capital R-A now take it to the G-E
I bring the things to light, but you still can't see me
I flow like a monthly you can't cramp my style
For those that try to punk me here's a Pamprin child
No need to say mo', check the flow
Rage in effect once mo', so now ya know

[Hook]

[Verse 2: The Lady of Rage]
Now I'm hittin MC's like hit MC's like ("Hoo-yu-ken!") *Street Fighter sound*
Ain't no doubt about it I'm the undisputed
So what you uhh, wanna do is back on up
I'll tap that butt, wax the cuts, pass the bucks
So put your money on the bread winner
I kick lyrics so dope that the brothers call em head spinners
I got the tongue that is outdone anyone
From the rising to the setting of the sun
Or the moon, I consume the room with doom
When I hear the kick of a 808 bass ... POOM
BOOM, BAM, God, DAYUMMMMMM!
I'm hittin so hard you could say it's a grand, slam, dunk, punks
Get broken off for chunk when they feel the funk
Of the rhythm (fresh) that I give em
Let it hit em, split em, did it now I'm rid of em, yeah
I put that on my unborn kids
Rage in effect so you know how it is

[Hook] x2

[Verse 3: The Lady of Rage]
Now ever since my debut, I've continued to lay you
Flat on your back from the raps that I spat, spit
Ohh shit, I'm the shit!
You can't get wit the Rage then tough tit-tie
I pi-ty the fool, that gets
With the lyrical murderer cause my shit is rude (OOOH!)
You wanna get with the wickedness? With that
Big bot-ty that's kickin it, rippin it apart like Jason
You'll be, chasin a dream like Freddy
Are you ready for the cream de la creme?
I'm steam pressurin those who ain't measurin up
I keep competitors stuck
In the muck with they butt up, what chu wanna nut up
Like cashew, don't you know that I will mash you? For real
That's the deal, I'm straight out of Farmville, VA
(So what you gotta say?)

[Hook] x2

Huhh
I am the roughest, roughest, roughest (Say what? Say what?)
I am the toughest, toughest, toughest (RAGE!)
(repeat x4)

Get with the uhh, roughest, roughest
Get with the uhh, toughest, toughest (RAGE!)
Get with the uhh, roughest, roughest (Yeah)
Get with the uhh, toughest, toughest (RAGE!)
Get with the uhh, wickedness, roughest
I am the uhh, wickedness (RAGE!)

[Outro: Snoop Dogg]
Yeah, one-nine-nine-fo'
The indo blow and the grass grow
Snoop Doggy Dogg still don't love a ho
But you gotta give credit when credit is due
Women back down and bow down to my motherfuckin homegirl
The Lady of Rage
She rocks rough and stuff with the Afro Puffs
Handcuffed and she busts
And trick biatch, she's guaranteed to tear shit up
Y'know what I'm sayin?
