[Intro]
This one goes out to all sides world wide
Let that play ass nigga Thumpy be your guide
As we go on a ride where playa hatin' killers and hood niggas thrive
And lame mah'fuckers can barely survive

[Verse 1: Jeremih]
Catch me rollin' through the city
Ridin' with the top off
Man, my whip so big when you in it
Fuck around and get lost
Told my bitch to let her hair down
What this shit costs?
Tell me, baby, if you 'bout that life right now
I hope it ain't talk, no

[Pre-Hook: Jeremih]
I can put you in the Mile High Club, what's up? Let's take a trip
Have you ever read "The World Is Yours" on a blimp?

[Bridge: Jeremih]
Tell her be free, baby spread your wings
Got your legs in the sky like a plane
Let me guide that, I'm the pilot
Can't nobody see you, 30 thousand feet
On your knees in them Prada's
Makin' freaky shit come up out her

[Hook: Jeremih]
Get high baby roll one, cloud nine 'bout to go up
Lovin' the feelin' the turbulence get when we turn up
When we land we can roll out
Show you somethin' you ain't know about
Tonight we be takin' off flight with a camera to show out

[Verse 2: Jeremih]
I got you in the air, your body in the air
How it feel up here?
You can scream as loud as you want, loud as you can
And ain't nobody gonna hear
Would you like it better
If I hit the west coast?
Tell me, if you 'bout that life right now
I hope it ain't talk

[Pre-Hook: Jeremih]
I can put you in the Mile High Club, what's up? Let's take a trip
Have you ever read "The World Is Yours" on a blimp?

[Bridge: Jeremih]
Tell her be free, baby spread your wings
Got your legs in the sky like a plane
Let me guide that, I'm the pilot
Can't nobody see you, 30 thousand feet
On your knees in them Prada's
Makin' freaky shit come up out her

[Hook: Jeremih]
Get high baby roll one, cloud nine 'bout to go up
Lovin' the feelin' the turbulence get when we turn up
When we land we can roll out
Show you somethin' you ain't know about
Tonight we be takin' off flight with a camera to show out

[Verse 3: J. Cole]
Cole World, I got it, I got it, I got it, listen
You need a nigga that's gon' come over and dig you out
You need a nigga that you know is not gon' run his mouth
You need a nigga when he done probably gon' put you out
You need a nigga that's gon' put it in your mouth
Dick so big it's like a foot is in yo' mouth
And y'ain't babysitting, but my kids all on yo' couch
And oh, you nasty, oh, oh, you nasty
Both graduated so fuck keepin' it classy
Look, they love me in the Chi like MJ
They love me in the Chi like Oprah
No nigga could block, not even Dikembe
Compared to Cole, boy, you're softer than a sofa
And so far my new shit's so fire, nigga, check my profile
Who you know make waves in the low tide?
Deebo'ed yo' bitch, now she both ours
Nigga, little brown liquor in my liver
Pretty brown thang in my bed
Been a long time since I had to ask for head
So god damn don't make me beg
But I will if I need to cause for real, girl, I need you
I could put you on a flight, we could take off tonight
If you scared of heights, shit I got a pill I could feed you
Cole

[Pre-Hook: Jeremih]
I can put you in the Mile High Club, what's up? Let's take a trip
Have you ever read "The World Is Yours" on a blimp?
[Produced by J. Cole]

[Intro]
Cole
Cole, world
Yeah
Let me take y'all back man
As I do so well

[Verse 1]
Wasn't nothin' like that
Man, it wasn't nothin' like that first, time
She was in my math class
Long hair, brown skin with the fat ass
Sat beside me, used to laugh, had mad jokes
The teacher always got mad so we passed notes
It started off so innocent
She had a vibe and a nigga started diggin' it
I was a youngin' straight crushin' tryna play this shit cool
But a nigga couldn't wait to get to school
Cause when I seen 'em thighs on her and them hips on her and them lips on her
Got me daydreaming, man what
I'm thinkin' how she rides on it, if she sits on it, if she licks on it
Make it hard for me to stand up
As time goes by, attractions getting deeper and
Wet dreaming thinkin' that I'm smashin' but I'm sleepin'
I want it bad, and I ain't never been obsessed before
She wrote a note that said "You ever had sex before?"
Damn

[Hook]
And I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, nooo
I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no

[Verse 2]
I wrote back and said: "of course I had sex before" knowing I was frontin'
I said, "I'm like a pro, baby," knowing I was stuntin'
But if I told the truth I knew that I'd get played out, son
Hadn't been in pussy since the day I came out one
But, she don't know that, so she done wrote back and told me
"Oh you a pro homie? Well I want you to show me
My mama gone for the weekend
So Saturday baby we can get to freakin'
That's when my heart start racing and my body start sweatin'
Baby, you done woke my lil' man up
I'm thinking how that body look naked when you laying on the bed
Teacher, please don't make me stand up
I wrote back like "Yeah, baby, sound like a plan"
Still trying to play it cool, sound like the man
But I was scared to death my nigga, my stomach turning
Talking shit knowing damn well I was a virgin
Fuck

[Hook]
And I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, nooo
I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no

[Verse 3]
You know that feeling when you know you finna bone for the first time
I'm hoping that she won't notice it's my first time
I'm hoping that my shit is big enough to fuck with
And most of all I'm praying, "God don't let me bust quick"
I'm watching pornos trying to see just how to stroke right
Practice putting condoms on, how it go right
I'm in her crib, now a nigga palms sweatin'
With a pocket full of rubbers and an erection
That's when my hands start touching and her face start blushing
And a nigga roll over on top
And then she get my pants unbuckled and her hands start rubbing
On me, ooh girl don't stop
It's time for action: pull out the condoms real smooth, yeah, just how I practiced
But right before I put it in, she flinched and grabbed it and said
"I wanna get something off my mental
I can tell you're a pro, but baby be gentle, cause..."

[Hook]
Cause I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, nooo
I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no
[Produced by Phonix Beats and J. Cole]

[Intro]
First things first rest in peace Uncle Phil, for real
You the only father that I ever knew
I get my bitch pregnant I'ma be a better you
Prophesies that I made way back in the Ville, fulfilled
Listen even back when we was broke my team ill
Martin Luther King would have been on Dreamville
Talk to a nigga

[Pre-Hook]
One time for my LA sisters
One time for my LA hoes
Lame niggas can't tell the difference
One time for a nigga who know

[Hook]
Don't save her
She don't wanna be saved
Don't save her
She don't wanna be saved
Don't save her
She don't wanna be saved
Don't save her
She don't wanna be saved

[Verse 1]
No role models and I'm here right now
No role models to speak of
Searchin' through my memory, my memory, I couldn't find one
Last night I was gettin' my feet rubbed
By the baddest bitch, not Trina, but I swear to God
This bitch will make you call your girl up and tell her "Hey, what's good?
"Sorry I'm never comin' home I'ma stay for good"
Then hang the phone up, and proceed to lay the wood
I came fast like 9-1-1 in white neighborhoods
Ain't got no shame bout it
She think I'm spoiled and I'm rich cause I can have any bitch
I got defensive and said "Nah, I was the same without it"
But then I thought back, back to a better me
Before I was a B-list celebrity
Before I started callin' bitches "bitches" so heavily
Back when you could get a platinum plaque without no melody
You wasn't sweatin' me

[Pre-Hook] + [Hook]

[Verse 2]
I want a real love, dark skinned Aunt Viv love
That Jada and that Will love
That leave a toothbrush at your crib love
And you ain't gotta wonder whether that's your kid love
Nigga I don't want no bitch from reality shows
Out of touch with reality hoes
Out in Hollywood bringin' back 5 or 6 hoes
Fuck em' then we kick em' to the door
Nigga you know how it go
She deserved that, she a bird, it's a bird trap
You think if I didn't rap she would flirt back
Takin' off her skirt, let her wear my shirt before she leave
I'ma need my shirt back, nigga you know how it go

[Pre-Hook] + [Hook]

[Interlude]
There's an old saying in Tennessee - I know it's in Texas - probably in Tennessee that says fool me once, shame on - shame on you. If you fool me we can't get fooled again

[Bridge] (x2)
Fool me one time shame on you
Fool me twice, can't put the blame on you
Fool me three times, fuck the peace signs
Load the chopper, let it rain on you

[Verse 3]
My only regret was too young for Lisa Bonet
My only regret was too young for Nia Long
Now all I'm left with is hoes from reality shows
Hand her a script the bitch probably couldn't read along
My only regret was too young for Sade Adu
My only regret could never take Aaliyah home
Now all I'm left with is hoes up in Greystone
With the stale face cause they know it's they song
She shallow but the pussy deep (she shallow, she shallow)
She shallow but the pussy deep (she shallow, she shallow)
She shallow but the pussy deep (she shallow, she shallow)
She shallow but the pussy deep (she shallow, she shallow)

[Hook] (x2)
[Hook: NoName Gypsy]
Who are you to tell me
I'm not warm enough for summertime?
I know that I can decide myself
But you don't know me like the sun you've never seen my horizon

[Verse 1: NoName Gypsy]
If I was everything I never was
Drugs got me bubbly suddenly mumbling simile meant to be for you now
The futile go fishing for moon over roof top
A new style for praying to everything I ever loved
My black boy outer space looking like a rain child
But but my body move like the sun
Go run til 'em rainbow we painted it 50 shades of grey
Stones across the lake
The house in the house
Deceptive carnations, our wedding we announced on Sunday for the holy of it
Solely covet me and you, for you and I
Are blissfully tethered to simple redeeming
When sadness gets worse and we don't know why
Our city is bleeding for crimson
I don't protest
I just dance in my shadows
Hallow be thy empty
When my name don't sing, shallow waters
Under bridges don't forget 'bout me
Who are you to love me and not call me by my name?
I'm sunny, I'm sunny, just like you... Noname

[Verse 2: Chance the Rapper]
Like the sun, like the sun
Who are you to tell me I can't love you
Like the way mothers love daughters?
The way Mary was closest to Joseph
And babies is close to The Father
You don't know me and love got a secret hand shake
And mad inside jokes
I could tell it’s knock knock when my heart beatbox
Use our inside voice
Who are you to tell me I don’t want you
The way flesh wants freedom
The way greed love need, the way kings need kingdoms
You don’t know what I know, what I’m capable of
What I slaved for and traded in favours
And gave up for you what I gave up for love

[Hook]

[Verse 3: J. Cole]
You like the flower that I won’t let die
Right before your petals start to wilt
I choose to give you one last try
Fill your vase up with water, refusin’ to neglect you
Like your father, so I promise that it won’t run dry
Good intentions cause I wanna see us both fly
But I often put me first and I been wonderin’ why
I know you probably think you’re blessed to have a wonderful guy
And that’s the truth but at the same time a wonderful lie
Cause to me you’re a dime and I’m still a nickel
And you know niggas say that every coin got two sides
Well if you knew both minds not sure you’d like what you find
I made mistakes, I want to tell you but can’t make up my mind
As I’m writing this I see a red balloon in the sky
And to me that’s a sign tellin’ me that these lines
Were meant to be written, repentin’ in the form of a rhyme
I know the Lord’s a forgiver, hope he’ll forgive me in time

[Hook]
[Produced by J.Cole]
[Directed by Lawrence Lamont]

[Intro]
Hollywood Cole, go
Ay Hollywood, ay Hollywood Cole, go
My nigga done went Hollywood

[Verse 1]
You wanna know just where I'm at, well let me tell you 'bout it
I put my city on the map but let me tell you 'bout it
They tryna say I can't come back, ay let me tell you 'bout it
Man fuck them niggas I come back, ay let me tell you 'bout it
I wanna tell you 'bout it: hands up, everybody run
Cole outside and he say he got a gun
Niggas like "Man that's what everybody said"
Go and pop the trunk and everybody dead
Everybody scared of the nigga, aware that the nigga is better
All my bitches the pick of the litter, never bitter
Niggas is faker than anime
Me I never hate, get cake like Anna Mae, woah
Eat the cake bitch, eat the damn cake
Fuck good nigga we demand great
Order Domino's and she take off all her clothes
Nigga you know how it goes, make the pizza man wait
The best kept secret
Even Hov tried to keep it and I leaked the damn tape
Rest in peace any nigga want beef
Secret service couldn't keep the man safe

[Pre-Hook]
I said to the window, to the wall
My nigga ride when I call
Got bitches all in my mind
Fuck nigga blocking my shine
I know the reason you feel the way
I know just who you wan' be
So everyday I thank the man upstairs
That I ain't you and you ain't me

[Hook]
Get off my dick, woah
(Get the fuck off my dick)
Get off my dick, woah
(Get the fuck off my dick nigga)
Get off my dick, bitch, woah
(Get the fuck off my dick)
Get off my dick woah

[Verse 2]
Man fuck them niggas I come home and I don't tell nobody
They gettin' temporary dough and I don't tell nobody
Lord will you tell me if I changed, I won't tell nobody
I wanna go back to Jermaine, and I won't tell nobody
(This is the part that the thugs skip)
Young nigga never had love
You know, foot massage, back rub shit
Blowing bubbles in the bathtub shit
That is until I met you
Together we done watch years go by
Seen a river of your tears go by
Got me thinkin' bout some kids, still I
Tell them hoes come through (The break up)
Get to know somebody and you really learn a lot about 'em
Won’t be long before you start to doubt 'em
Tell yourself you better off without 'em
Then in time you will find can't walk without 'em
Can't talk without 'em, can't breathe without 'em
Came here together, you can't leave without 'em
So you walk back in, make a scene about 'em
On your Amerie it's just 1 thing about 'em
It's called love, niggas don't sing about it no more
Don't nobody sing about it no more, no more
It's called love, niggas don't sing about it no more
Don't nobody sing about it no more
(Nigga I don't sing about this shit no more)
But every nigga in the club singing

[Pre-Hook]
To the window, to the wall
My nigga ride when I call
Got bitches all in my mind
Fuck nigga blocking my shine
I know the reason you feel the way
I know just who you wan' be
So everyday I thank the man upstairs
That I ain't you and you ain't me

[Bridge]
Get off my dick
But every nigga in the club singing
Singing this song yeah
Got all the bitches in the club singing
Singing this song yeah
And all they mamas let their kids sing it
Sing this song yeah
The baby mamas and the mistresses
Sing this song yeah, song yeah
Song yeah, song song yeah

[Verse 3]
(The make up) This shit is retarded, goddamn
Why every rich black nigga gotta be famous
Why every broke black nigga gotta be brainless
Uh, that's a stereotype
Driven by some people up in Ariel Heights
Here's a scenario
Young Cole pockets is fat like Lil Terrio
Dreamville, give us a year we'll be on every show
Yeah, fuck nigga I'm very sure, heh
Fuck the rest, I'm the best nigga out
When I'm back home I'm the best in the South
When I'm in LA I'm the best in the West
You contest? You can test, I'mma stretch niggas out
Oooh I'mma stretch niggas out
That go for all y'all if I left niggas out
This shit for everbody on my testicles
Please make sure you put the rest in your mouth, ho
[Produced by Vinylz]

[Verse 1]
Since a youngin' always dreamed of gettin' rich
Look at me my nigga
Fantasize about a white picket fence
With some trees my nigga
Used to want a Pathfinder with some tints
That's all I need my nigga
Throw some 20's on that bitch and get it rinsed
But now I see my nigga
That the world's a lot bigger ever since
Picked up the paper and they say my nigga Eddie caught a body, I'm convinced
Anybody is a killer, all you gotta do is push 'em to the limits
Fuck being timid in the Civic politicin' with the pushers and the pimps
I'm tryna write a story, can I get a glimpse? Yeah can I get a glimpse?

[Hook 1]
Last night I had a bad dream
That I was trapped in this city
Then I asked is that really such a bad thing?
They robbin' niggas on the daily
Can you blame a nigga that ain't never had things?
(What's the value of a thing?)
Guess not, last night they pulled up on my nigga at the light like
Ugh, nice watch, run it
Hands in the air now, hands in the air, run it
Hands in the air now, hands in the air, run it
Hands in the air now, hands in the air
Hands in the air now, hands in the air

[Bridge]
Small town nigga Hollywood dreams
I know that everything that glitters ain't gold
I know the shit ain't always good as it seems
But tell me till you get it how could you know?
How could you know? How could you know?

[Verse 2]
Listen up I'm about to go and get rich
Fuck with me my nigga
We gon' circle round the Ville and hit a lick
Cop some tree my nigga
And some powder, bag it up and make it flip
You gon' see my nigga
One day we gon' graduate and cop a brick
And thats the key my nigga
Listen up I'm bout to go and get rich
Stand back and watch if you want to nigga
Me I want my pockets fat, a badder bitch
Tired of seein' niggas flaunt, I wanna flaunt too nigga
Watch some rollers in the fuckin' Crown Vic
Tryna lock a nigga up, thats what they won't do nigga
Wanna know a funny thing about this shit?
Even if you let em' kill your dream it'll haunt you nigga

[Hook 2]
Last night I had a bad dream
That I was trapped in this city
Then I asked is that really such a bad thing?
I look around like do you wanna be another nigga, that ain't never had things?
(What's the value of a thing?)
Guess not, last night we pulled up on a nigga at the light like
(You know what the fuck it is nigga ,run that shit!)
Uh, nice watch, run it
Hands in the air now, hands in the air, run it
Hands in the air now, hands in the air, run it
Hands in the air now, hands in the air
Hands in the air now, hands in the air

[Outro]
Father forgive me for my childish ways
I look outside and all the clouds are gray
I need your hands to take me miles away
Your wish is my command, my command, my command
But before you go I've got to warn you now
Whatever goes up surely must come down
And you'll get your piece, but know peace won't be found
So why just take me man, take me man, take me man
Your wish is my command, my command, my command
[Intro]
Love yourz
Love yourz
No such thing

[Hook]
No such thing as a life that's better than yours
No such thing as a life that's better than yours
No such thing as a life that's better than yours
No such thing, no such thing

[Verse 1]
Heart beatin' fast, let a nigga know that he alive
Fake niggas mad, snakes
Snakes in the grass let a nigga know that he arrived
Don't be sleeping on your level cause it's beauty in the struggle nigga
Goes for all y'all
It's beauty in the struggle nigga
(Let me explain)
It's beauty in the struggle, ugliness in the success
Hear my words or listen to my signal of distress
I grew up in the city and though some times we had less
Compared to some of my niggas down the block man we were blessed
And life can't be no fairytale, no once upon a time
But I be God damned if a nigga don't be tryin'
So tell me mama please why you be drinking all the time?
Does all the pain he brought you still linger in your mind?
Cause pain still lingers on mine
On the road to riches listen this is what you'll find
The good news is nigga you came a long way
The bad news is nigga you went the wrong way
Think being broke was better

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
For what's money without happiness?
Or hard times without the people you love
Though I'm not sure what's 'bout to happen next
I asked for strength from the Lord up above
Cause I've been strong so far
But I can feel my grip loosening
Quick, do something before you lose it for good
Get it back and use it for good
And touch the people how you did like before
I'm tired of living with demons cause they always inviting more
Think being broke was better
Now I don't mean that phrase with no disrespect
To all my niggas out there living in debt
Cashing minimal checks
Turn on the TV see a nigga Rolex
And fantasize about a life with no stress
I mean this shit sincerely
And that's a nigga who was once in your shoes
Living with nothin' to lose
I hope one day you hear me
Always gon' be a bigger house somewhere, but nigga feel me
Long as the people in that motherfucker love you dearly
Always gon' be a whip that's better than the the one you got
Always gon' be some clothes that's fresher than the ones you rock
Always gon' be a bitch that's badder out there on the tours
But you ain't never gon' be happy till you love yours

[Hook]
No such thing as a life that's better than yours
No such thing as a life that's better than yours
No such thing as a life that's better than yours
No such thing, no such thing

[Outro]
Heart beatin' fast, let a nigga know that he alive
Fake niggas mad, snakes
Snakes in the grass let a nigga know that he arrive
[Produced by Willie B]

[Verse 1]
Yeah, yeah
I grew up, a fucking screw up
Tie my shoe up, wish they was newer
Damn, need something newer
In love with the baddest girl in the city, I wish I knew her
I wish I won't so shy, I wish I was a bit more fly
I wish that I, could tell her how I really feel inside
That I'm the perfect nigga for her, but then maybe that's a lie
She like a certain type of nigga, and it's clear I'm not that guy
Ball player, star player, I'm just watchin' from the side
On the bench, cause my lack of confidence won't let me fly
I ain't grow up with my father, I ain't thinkin' 'bout that now
Fast forward four years or so from now I'll probably cry
When I realize what I missed, but as of now my eyes are dry
Cause I'm trying to stay alive
In the city where too many niggas die
Dreamin' quiet trying to dodge a suit and tie
Who am I? Aye who am I?(Yeah)

[Hook]
Things change, rearrange and so do I
It ain't always for the better, dawg, I can't lie
I get high cause the lows can be so cold
I might bend a little bit but I don't fold
One time for my mind and two for yours
I got food for your thoughts to soothe your soul
If you see my tears fall just let me be
Move along, nothing to see

[Verse 2]
I always did shit the hard way
My nigga (inaudible) slangin' in the hallway
Burnt CD's and trees like this was Broadway
Times Square, kept the dimes there in the locker
Some Reggie Miller
With more brown hairs than Chewbacca
Whispers that he got it for the low low, sell a
Dime for a dub, them white boys ain't know no better
Besides, what's twenty dollars to a nigga like that?
He tell his pops he need some lunch and he gon' get it right back
I peep game
Got home snatched my mama keychain
Took her whip, the appeal, too ill to refrain
I hit the boulevard pull up to my nigga front do'
His mama at home, she still let em' hit the blunt though
I told her hello, and sat with my nigga and laughed
And talked about how we gon' smash all the bitches in class
I complimented how I see him out here getting his cash
And just asked, "What a nigga gotta do to get that?
Put me on," he just laughed when he seen I was sure
17 years breathing his demeanor said more
He told me, "Nigga, you know how you sound right now?
If you wasn’t my mans, I would think that you a clown right now
Listen, you everything I wanna be that's why I fucks with you
So how you looking up to me when I look up to you?
You bout to go get a degree, I'ma be stuck with two choices:
Either graduate to weight or selling number two
For what? A hundred bucks or two a week?
Do you think that you would know what to do if you was me?
I got, four brothers, one mother that don't love us
If they ain't want us why the fuck they never wore rubbers?"
I felt ashamed to have ever complained about my lack of gear
And thought about how far we done came
From trailer park to a front yard with trees in the sky
Thank you mama, dry your eyes, there ain't no reason to cry
You made a genius and I, ain't gon' take it for granted
I ain't gon' settle for lesser, I ain't gon' take what they handed
Nah I'm gon' take what they owe me and show you that I can fly
And show old girl what she missing, the illest nigga alive
Aye who am I?

[Hook]
Things change, rearrange and so do I
(Aye who am I?
It ain't always for the better, dawg, I can't lie
(Who am I?)
I get high cause the lows can be so cold
I might bend a little bit but I don't fold
One time for my mind and two for yours
I got food for your thoughts to soothe your soul
If you see my tears fall just let me be
Move along, nothing to see

I never felt better
[J Cole Speaking]
Revenge of the Dreamers! Dreamville, it's official, we here. Happy New Year! 2014, it's ours. This is J Cole, Cole World. Make sure y'all enjoy that tape man, Revenge of the Dreamers. That's my gift from me to y'all on my birthday, it's the opposite, I wanted to give you something on my birthday man, that really solidify the Dreamville team that we got. We appreciate all the love and support, leave us a message, let us know what's on your mind, let us know how you feelin', watch out for that Bas - Last Winter, watch out for that Omen - Elephant Eyes, and you know i'm always cooking up, I ain't giving y'all no news this year, no info, just be ready... peace
[Verse 1: J.E.T SWADE]
“18 WITH A DREAM, THINKING OF MEANS TO REACH SUPREME-R THINGS
DAMMIT I'm FINNA SCREAM
IM THE EDGE OF BLOWING OUT
THIS SHIT WASN’T NEARLY AS EASY AS IT SEEMED
TROUBLE CAME IN TEAMS SAYING, “FUCK YOU AND YOUR DREAM!!!”
BUT THE SCENE WAS JUST WAY TO SERENE
FOR ME NOT TO CARRY ON
AT God SPEED
VERY STRONG
VERY SWIFT
I GOTTA TASTE FOR SOMETHING VERY SWEET
PLUS GOD TOLD ME TO CARRY HOME...
LIKE IMA BE
CARRYING-IT-ALONG-ON THE FLIGHT WITH ME, MY VERY HOME LIKE THE SAYING GOES: HOME IS WHERE THE HEART IS, AND I PUT MY DREAM WERE MY HEART BELONGS
CONCOCTING A RECIPE, FOR IMMEDIATE VICTORY, COME ALONG, IF YOU TRYNA TAG ALONG…
IMA DREAMER AND A THINKER-NOT A SLEEPER THOUGH
IF I BRING YOU THE HEAT YOU BEST KEEP THE WINDOWS CLOSED
KEEP THE PRESSURE IN TILL YA FREAKING SOUL EXPLODES
IMA SHOW YOU HOW HARD THE O-H-I-O GOES!!!

[Hook 1: J.E.T SWADE]

LISTENING TO LUDACRIS
SAYING TO MYSELF SOMEDAY…
IMA BE LUCRATIVE…
SMOOTHER THEN SMOOTHER IS……..SMOOTHER THEN SMOOTHER IS…

[Hook: J.E.T SWADE]
THIS IS WHO I AM
THIS IS WHAT I IS
THIS IS WHERE I;M GOING
YOU CAN TELL BY HOW I LIVE…

[Hook 2: J.E.T SWADE]
LISTENING TO LUDACRIS
SAYING TO MYSELF SOMEDAY
IMA BE LUCRATIVE
SMOOTHER THEN SMOOTHER IS

[Verse 2: J.E.T SWADE]

TRUE…
IMA BE PRODUCING WHAT BEAUTY IS…WHAT BEAUTY IS
ITS MUSIC
ISN'T IT?
ITS RELATIVE TO
WHOEVER USES IT

AND TO USE IT IS TO BEHOLD
AND MUSIC
IS IN THE SOUL OF ITS BEHOLDER
SO I'm TOLD…
UH…
SO I'm TOLD…

AND I WAS TOLD..
I WAS BORN IN THE
C-L-E_V-E_LAND
THEN RAISED IN THE
A-K_R-O_N
IS’NT IT IRONIC MY NAMES A
A-C-R-O_NYM

LIGHTS!
CAMERA!
ACTION!

YOU ARE WITNESSING
NORTH-EASTERN OHIO
HAPPENING

[Hook 2: J.E.T SWADE]
BRING THE MOTHER FUCKING CAMERAS IN
BRING THEM MOTHERFUCKER’S CAMERAS IN
BRING THEM MOTHERFUCKING CAMERAS IN…

[Verse 3: J.E.T SWADE]
I WAS BORN INA DECADE
WHERE HIP HOP BECAME A LEGENDARY WAY OF LIFE
WITH THE RISE OF
TUPACS AND BIGGIES EXERCISING
MIGHTY LYRICAL INCITE
NOT TO GET EXCITED
WITH MERE HIATUS
BUT A LIFE LIVED THAT LIVELY
APPEARED FLY MAN…HELLA TITE…
SO MY REVOLUTION JUST MIGHT BE
TELEVISED…

SPITTING LYRICAL BULLETS OUT OF MY REVOLVER
PLEASE…PARDON MY GHETTO VIBE…

BUT HEY…NEVER SETTLE
FOR THE SAME LIFE TWICE…RIGHT
NEVER SETTLE FOR THE SAME LIFE TWICE

YEA…I'M LOOKING FOR A NEW ONE

[Verse 4: J.E.T SWADE]
I CAN GO FROM SIMPLISTIC
TO EXPLICT IF PISSED…
PICTURING SICKENING..
DE-PIC-TIONS…
BUT I ONLY POP OFF AT THE MOUTH
IF YOU TRY TO CLOUD MY VISION
WITH NEGATIVE IMAGES

ATTEMPTING TO DRAG ME DOWN
BY IN-TIMIDATING MY TIMIDNESS…
I'M FINISHED WITH LIMIT-NESS…
I'm FINNA BE LIMITLESS…..
THE TIME BOMBS TICKING QUICK…
AND ONLY GOT A MINUTE-LEFT
TILL I BLOW UP…
AND EVERYBODY FINNA WIT-NESS-IT

PARDON MY EBONICS…
I WAS…
HOOKED ON PHONICS…
IMA BE
SMOKING LIKE CHRONIC…
FLYING IN A FLAME
LIKE A COMET…
I PROMISE---TO HUSH ALL YOU HATERS COMMENTS…
AND CALL IT KINDNESS…
DAMMIT IMA BE HONEST…LIKE THE TIME-LEFT…
IS FINNA BE TIME-LESS…

HERE I COME
‘SWADE’ ”
[Verse 1: J. Cole]
Yes, straight out the Ville and I'm blessed
Never met death, well, at least not yet
Off to the place where they rest on the flowers
Niggas get wetter, like sex in the shower
Dear Lord, what am I here for?
Is it the hoes? Or the money? Or is there more?
I know the world is going to come to an ending
Before it does can finish up my sinning?
I see the devil grinning, as if he was winning
This is the bottom of the ninth inning
I'm coming back like light skinned
What a sad sight, looking at my gas light
Like "Damn man, I just threw 10 in"
Look five dollars won't get you what it use too
And look, love don't mean what it use too
And everybody and their mommas on youtube
Is it just me, or is this unusual?
Don't wanna loose ya', just wanna reach ya'll
So let me slow down, to the beat ya'll
Put the remote down, move your feet dawg
One time for the niggas holding heat ya'll
Keep that tucked, 'fore somebody get hurt
See me, I rather cut catch her body give birth
If you were the last nigga walking on earth
Turn yourself and clap your hands like this was church

[Hook: J. Cole]
Trust the world ain't spinning for to-much longer
My nigga hope you ready, me and you both goners
But in the meantime, homie do what you like
(Just, just) do what you like (Just, just) Hey!
Trust the world ain't spinning for to-much longer
My baby hope you ready, me and you both goners
But in the meantime, shawty do what you like

[Verse 2: J. Cole]
I say money make the girls go down
They say money make the world go 'round
So my broke niggas, ain't it a shame
If Bill Gates made it rain
Then world goin' drown
Can I get a dollar?
Shawty got a low Impala
Made that ass drop, hydrola', holla!
Know she got a man, and I don't understand
Why he don't grab that bitch by the collar
Follow, look uh
I need my women a little hood
Living in a world where bad means good
That explains why the bad hoes attract 'em
That explains why the bad rappers go platinum
Or gold these days, go DJ
If the world stops spinning like a old DJ
Keep playing, I need a little more time
Pre paying, just a few more dimes
We slaying, keep praying, hoping
2012? You gotta be joking!
Ain't enough time and a nigga trynna' sign
But +The Whole World+ done lost they minds
Look, bombs over Baghdad, bullets in the Ville
This is not a test, this is not a drill
This is all real so before we all kill
Let me get one more feel. Baby!

[Hook]

[Lil Cole speaking]
Yeah, hey
Duck motherfuckers, run for your lives motherfucker
It's Lil Cole nigga. hahaha
The world is coming to an end nigga (It's coming to an end motherfucker, haha)
It's coming to an end trust me
I see it all revelation motherfuckers, all that shit
It's Lil Cole, you know I'm going in straight in to heaven nigga, holla at me

[Bridge x2]
Earthquakes and tsunamis and hurricanes
You meaner than Katrina baby I gotta know your name
Before this thing is over this might be the last song
For the man upstairs put the lights on and shut this party down

[Hook]
Tracklist:
1. Intro
2. January 28th
3. Wet Dreamz
4. '03 Adolescence
5. A Tale Of 2 Citiez
6. Fire Squad
7. St. Tropez
8. G.O.M.D
9. No Role Modelz
10. Hello
11. Apparently
12. Love Yourz
13. Note To Self
Album Art:

Back Art:
INTRO
Written by J. Cole

Produced by J. Cole for Dreamvillain, Administered by Songs of Universal (BMI). Additional Production by Ronald Gilmore. Additional Instrumentation by James Rodgers (Bass Trombone), James Casey (Saxophone), Travis Antoine (Trumpet). Assistant Engineer: Jeremy Cimino (Jungle Studios) and Jack Mason (MSR Studios). Recorded at Jungle Studios New York, NY and Mixed at MSR Studios New York, NY. Horns recorded by Jack Mason at MSR Studios New York, NY

JANUARY 28TH
Written by J. Cole, Y. Arai and K. Murai

Produced by J. Cole for Dreamvillain, Administered by Songs of Universal (BMI). Additional Production by Timothy "Nick Paradise" Thomas and Andre "Dre Charles" Thomas, "Team Titans" for Team Titans Music Publishing (BMI). Additional instrumentation by Ronald Gilmore (Keys), Nate Jones (Bass) and David Linaburg (Guitar). Additional Vocals by Kaye Fox. Assistant Engineer Jeremy Cimino (Jungle Studios) and Jack Mason (MSR Studios). Recorded at Perfect Sound Studios Los Angeles, CA and Mixed at MSR Studios New York, NY

"Sky Restaurant" performed by Hi-Fi Set, used courtesy of Sony Music (Japan) Inc. This composition embodies portions of "Sky Restaurant," written by Y. Arai and K. Murai, published by Alfa Music c/o Sony Japan c/o Sony/ATV Tunes LLC (ASCAP)

WET DREAMZ
Written by J. Cole, C. Simmons and R. Hammond

Produced by J. Cole for Dreamvillain, Administered by Songs of Universal (BMI). Assistant Engineer: Jack Mason (MSR Studios). Recorded and Mixed at MSR Studios in New York, NY

"Mariya" performed by Family Circle, used courtesy of Sweet Strawberry Music Group. This composition embodies portions of "Mariya," written by C. Simmons, published by Sweet Strawberry Music Group (BMI). "Impeach the President" performed by The Honeydrippers, used courtesy of Tuff City Records. This composition embodies portions of "Impeach the President," written by R. Hammond, published by Swing Beat Songs (BMI)

03' ADOLESCENCE
Written by J. Cole, W. Brown, J. Burke and J. Van Heusen

Produced by William "Willie B." Brown for Four Dott Music (ASCAP). Additional Instrumentation by Nuno Malo (Strings). Assistant Engineer Sean Kellett (Perfect Sound Studios) and Jack Mason (MSR Studios). Recorded at Perfect Sound Studios Hollywood, CA and Mixed at MSR Studios New York, NY

"Here's That Rainy Day" performed by Sonia Rosa with Yuji Ono, used courtesy of Sony Music Entertainment (Japan) Inc. All rights reserved. This composition contains elements of "Here's That Rainy Day," written by J. Burke and J. Van Heusen, published by Marke-Music Publishing Co., Inc. (ASCAP). All rights administered by WB Music Corp. (ASCAP) / Spirit Two Music, Inc (ASCAP) / Bourne Co. (ASCAP)

A TALE OF 2 CITIEZ
Written by J. Cole and A. Hernandez

Produced by Anderson "Vinylz" Hernandez for Vinylz Music Group, Sony/ATV Music (ASCAP). Additional Background Vocals by Kaye Fox, Rose "TS" Desandies and Yolanda Renee. Assistant Engineer: Sean Kellett (Perfect Sound Studios) and Jack Mason (MSR Studios). Recorded at Perfect Sound Studios in Hollywood, CA and Mixed at MSR Studios in New York, NY

FIRE SQUAD
Written by J. Cole and M. Farner

Produced by J. Cole for Dreamvillain, Administered by Songs of Universal (BMI). Additional Production by "Vinylz" Hernandez for Vinylz Music Group, Sony/ATV Music (ASCAP). Sample presented by Brion "Nervous Reck" for The Nervous System (ASCAP). Assistant Engineer Jack Mason (MSR Studios). Recorded and Mixed at MSR Studios New York, NY

"Heartbreaker" performed by Aguaturbia, used courtesy of Aguaturbia. This composition embodies portions of "Hearbreaker," written by M. Farner, published by Storybook Music (BMI). Used by permission. All rights reserved

ST. TROPEZ
Written by J. Cole, M. Small, Jr., A. Fischer, W. Griffin III, J. Carthorn, D. Hollis, D. Williams, D. Williams, D. Wolinski and W. Irvine

Produced by J. Cole for Dreamvillain, Administered by Songs of Univeral (BMI). Additional Instrumentation by Ronald Gilmore (Keys), CharGaux (Strings), James Rodgers (Bass Trombone), James Casey (Saxophone), Travis Antoine (Trumpet). Additional Background Vocals by Rose "TS" Desandies. Assistant Engineer: Raphael "Wreck-It-Raph" Lee. Mixed at MSR Studios in New York, NY. Horns recorded by Jack Mason at MSR Studios in New York, NY

"That's Alright With Me" performed by Esther Phillips, used courtesy of Sony Music Entertainment and King Records Co. Ltd. This composition embodies portions of "That's Alright With Me," written by M. Small, Jr., published by Ma Glo Publishing (BMI)

This composition contains an interpolation of "Hollywood," written by A. Fischer, W. Griffin III, J. Carthorn, D. Hollis, D. Williams, D. Williams and D. Wolinski, published by Universal Music Corp. / Universal Polygram International Publishing Inc. / Wayniac Publishing / Tripploc Publishing / Warren G Publishing / Neblove Publishing / Spirit Two Music / Big Elk Music

"Sister Sanctified" performed by Stanley Turrentine with Milt Jackson, used courtesy of Sony Music Entertainment and King Records Co. Ltd. This composition contains portions of "Sister Sanctified," written by W. Irvine, published by Nodlew Publishing (BMI)

G.O.M.D
Written by J. Cole, D. Andrews, D. Holmes, E. Jackson and J. Smith

Produced by J. Cole for Dreamvillain, Administered by Songs of Universal (BMI). Additional Instrumentation by Ronald Gilmore (Keys). Assistant Engineer: Jack Mason (MSR Studios). Recorded by Nate Alford at Windmark Studios in Santa Monica, CA and Mixed by Juro "Mez" Davis at MSR Studios in New York, NY

"Berta, Berta" performed by Branford Marsalis, used courtesy of Sony Music Entertainment. This composition embodies portions of "Berta, Berta" performed by Branford Marsalis, written by D. Andrews

This composition embodies portions of "Get Low," written by D. Holmes, E. Jackson and J. Smith, published by Reservoir 416 (BMI) / EMI Blackwood Music Inc. (BMI) / Collipark Music, Inc. (BMI) / Ewc Music (BMI) / Da Crippler Music (BMI)

NO ROLE MODELZ
Written by J. Cole, D. Barnes, M. Whiteman, P. Beauregard, J. Houston, T. Stevens, E. Stevens, D. Stevens and B. Jones

Produced by Darius "Phonix Beatz" Barnes for Slapademiks (SESAC). Additional Production by J. Cole for Dreamvillain, Administered by Songs of Universal (BMI). Additional Background Vocals by Kaye Fox. Beat presented by DJ Dahi. Assistant Engineer: Sean Kellett (Perfect Sound Studios). Recorded and Mixed at Perfect Sound Studios in Hollywood, CA

This composition embodies portions of "Don't Save Her," written by M. Whiteman, P. Beauregard, J. Houston, T. Stevens, E. Stevens, D. Stevens and B. Jones, published by Toneonly Music Publishing Co. / E Forty Music Management US LLC (BMI) d/b/a BMG Bumblebee a/c Tefnoise Publishing LLC and Ultra Empire Music (BMI) / B Legit Music Publishing Co. (BMI)

HELLO
Written by J. Cole

Produced by J. Cole for Dreamvillain, Administered by Songs of Universal (BMI). Co-Production by @PopWansel for Private Stock Entertainment/GOOOOOOOO!!! Music/The Starr Island Group and @JProof for Private Stock/GOOOOOOOO!!! Music/The Starr Island Group. Additional Instrumentation by Nuno Malo (Strings). Additional Background Vocals by Kaye Fox. Assistant Engineer: Sean Kellett (Perfect Sound Studios) and Jack Mason (MSR Studios). Recorded at Perfect Sound Studios in Hollywood, CA and Mixed at MSR Studios in New York, NY

APPARENTLY
Written by J. Cole and F. Trecca

Produced by J. Cole for Dreamvillain, Administered by Songs of Universal (BMI). Additional Instrumentation by Ronald Gilmore, Nate Jones (Bass), Jeff Gitelman (Guitar), James Rodgers (Bass Trombone), James Casey (Saxophone), Travis Antoine (Trumpet). Additional Vocals by Kaye Fox. Sample provided by Damon "Omen" Coleman for Dopart (ASCAP). Assistant Engineer: Sean Kellett (Perfect Sound Studios) and Jack Mason (MSR Studios). Recorded at Perfect Sound Studios in Hollywood, CA and Mixed at MSR Studios in New York, NY. Horns recorded by Jack Mason at MSR Studios in New York, NY

"La Morte Dell Erminia" performed by F. Trecca used courtesy of Universal Music Italy. This composition contains elements of "La Morte Dell Erminia," written by F. Trecca, published by Warner/Chappell Music Italiana SRL (SIAE). All rights administered by WB Music Corp. (ASCAP). All rights reserved

Excerpts from "CB#5," as performed by C. Bess, used under license from Bland-Ricky Roberts. This composition embodies portions of "CB#5," written by C. Bess and used under license from Bland-Ricky Roberts

LOVE YOURZ
Written by J. Cole, R. Ibanga Jr., C. McCormick and C. Price

Produced by Ramon "!llmind" Ibanga Jr. for Little Trouble Big China (ASCAP). Additional Instrumentation by Carl "Cardiak" McCormick for Heartfelt Productions (BMI) / Universal Music and Calvin "Critical" Price for Heartfelt Music (BMI). Assistant Engineer: Sean Kellett (Perfect Sound Studios) and Jack Mason (MSR Studios). Recorded at Perfect Sound Studios in Hollywood, CA and Mixed at MSR Studios in New York, NY

NOTE TO SELF
Written by J. Cole and R. Gilmore

Co-Produced by J. Cole for Dreamvillain, Administered by Songs of Universal (BMI) and Ronald Gilmore for Ron Gilmore Music (BMI). Additional Instrumentation by Ronald Gilmore (Keys), Nate Jones (Bass), David Linaburg (Guitar), James Rodgers (Bass Trombone), James Casey (Saxophone), Travis Antoine (Trumpet). Additional Vocals by Rose "TS" Desandies and Yolanda Renee. Assistant Engineer: Jack Mason (MSR Studios). Recorded and Mixed at MSR Studios in New York, NY. Horns recorded by Jack Mason at MSR Studios in New York, NY
~ Thank You's ~THANK YOU
THANK GOD
~ Additional Credits ~Executive Producers:
Jermaine Cole, Dreamville, Mark Pitts & Roc Nation

A&R:
Ibrahim Hamad for Dreamville

A&R Administration:
Mwango "MK" Kasote

Recorded and Mixed by:
Juro "Mez" Davis for Dreamville

Management:
Ibrahim Hamad and Adam Roy Rodney for Dreamville
Mark Pitts and Wayne Barrow for Bystorm Entertainment

Product Managers:
Nelly Ortiz for Roc Nation
April Pope for Columbia
Camille Mathews for Dreamville

A&R / Management Coordinator:
Julius Garcia

Marketing:
Dreamville, Roc Nation and Columbia Records

Creative Direction:
Adam Roy Rodney for Dreamville

Media Relations & Publicity:
Kathryn Frazier for Biz 3

Art Direction & Graphic Design:
Felton Brown for Dreamville
Justin Thomas Kay for Doubleday & Cartwright

J. Cole Legal:
Damien Granderson
Jonathan Koby

Roc Nation Legal:
Christina Suarez

Photography:
Anthony Blasko for Doubleday & Cartwright
~ Copyright & Distribution ~© &  ℗ 2014 Roc Nation LLC
Distributed by Columbia Records, a Division of Sony Music Entertainment
550 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10022-3211
Roc Nation is a trademark of Roc Nation LLC
"Columbia" and the Columbia Records logo are Reg. U.S. Pat. & Tm. Off. Marca Registrada
WARNING: All Rights Reserved. Unauthorized duplication is a violation of applicable laws. FBI Anti-Piracy Warning: Unauthorized copying is punishable under federal law.
Act 1 - Hometown• March 2 - Eugene, OR
• March 4 - Boise, ID
• March 5 - Salt Lake City, UT
• March 8 - Santa Ana, CA
• March 10 - Tucson, AZ
• March 13 - Lincoln, NE
• March 14 - Springfield, MO
• March 15 - Wichita, KS
• March 17 - Oklahoma City, OK
• March 19 - San Antonio, TX
• March 23 - New Orleans, LA
• March 24 - Baton Rouge, LA
• March 25 - Mobile, AL
• March 28 - Tallahassee, FL
• March 29 - Birmingham, AL
• March 30 - Columbus, OH
• April 1 - Nashville, TN
• April 3 - Richmond, VA
• April 4 - Rochester, NY
• April 6 - Portland, ME
• April 7 - Providence, RI
Act 2 - The JourneySetlist

• April 30 - Zurich, Switzerland - Komplex
• May 1 - Cologne, Germany - Essigfabrik
• May 2 - Frankfurt, Germany - Gibson
• May 4 - Oslo, Norway - Rockefeller
• May 5 - Stockholm, Sweden - Berns
• May 6 - Copenhagen, Denmark - Vega
• May 8 - Berlin, Germany - Huxleys
• May 9 - Amsterdam, Holland - HMH +
• May 10 - Paris, France - Olympia +
• May 11 - Antwerp, Belgium - Trix
• May 13 - Glasgow, UK - Academy +
• May 14 -  Manchester, UK - Manchester Arena +*
• May 15 - Birmingham, UK - Barclaycard Arena +*
• May 16 - Cardiff, UK - Moterpoint Arena +*
• May 18 - London, UK - 02 Arena +*
Act 3 - Hollywood• July 12 - Seattle, WA - White River Amphitheatre
• July 14 - San Francisco, CA - Shoreline Amphitheatre
• July 17 - San Diego, CA - Sleep Train Amphitheatre
• July 19 - Los Angeles, CA - Staples Center
• July 21 - Albuquerque, NM - Isleta Amphitheatre
• July 24 - St. Louis, MO - Hollywood Casino Amphitheatre
• July 25 - Detroit, MI - DTE Energy Music Theatre**
• July 26 - Indianapolis, IN - Klipsch Music Center
• July 28 - Chicago, IL - First Widwest Bank Amphitheatre
• July 30 - Pittsburg, PA - First Niagara Pavilion
• July 31 - Camden, NJ - Susquehanna Bank Center
• August 2 - Toronto, ON - Molson Canadian Amphitheatre
• August 3 - Holmdel, NJ - PNC Banks Arts Center
• August 4 - New York, NY - Madison Square Garden
• August 6 - Boston, MA - Xfinity Center
• August 7 - Montreal, QC - Bell Centre
• August 8 - Hartford, CT - Xfinity Theatre
• August 9 - Washington, DC - Jiffy Lube Live
• August 11 - Cincinnati, OH - Riverbend
• August 12 - Charlotte, NC - PNC Music Pavillion
• August 13 - Virginia Beach, VA - Farm Bureau Live
• August 15 - Atlanta, GA - Aaron's Amphitheatre
• August 16 - Tampa, FL - Midflorida Credit Union Amphitheatre
• August 18 - West Palm Beach, FL - Coral Sky Amphitheatre
• August 21 - Houston, TX - Cynthia Woods Mitchell Pavilion
• August 22 - Austin, TX - Austin360 Amphitheatre
• August 23 - Dallas, TX - Gexa Energy Pavilion
• August 25 - Denver, CO - Red Rocks Amphitheatre
Homecoming• August 29 - Fayetteville, NC - Crown Coliseum
[Hook: Big Sean]
Wishing I could rap my whole life up in 24 karats of gold
Lately I’ve been dreaming ’bout diamonds and pearls
Yup, diamonds and pearls, and enough money I could rule the world

If I ruled the world..

[Verse 1: Big Sean]
If I ruled the world, I would buy it all
I’m addicted to champagne and buying the mall
I’m addicted to living life above the law
How much do it take to live above the law?
I call my homie Ralph up, cause his car stop
Told him bump a new car, come grab the car lot
That way you can have convertibles, and a hard top
Open up a few doors, since we had a hard knock, life
Like, open up, Where restaurants and legs stay opened up
Start a franchise
So my dog can quit wearing a 44 up on his waist like it’s his pants size
And to my OG locked up bumping Ready or Not
Who was just trying to do it Big, but wasn’t Ready to Die
Cop a first class whatever he like, with hoes already inside
Now he can rest in peace while he alive

[Hook]

[Verse 2: J. Cole]
Is this a dream, well that’s how it feels
Sometimes I got to pinch a fat ass to see if it’s real
I specifically remember, no heat in the winter
Now I supply heat for the winter
Then I skate to the beach for the winter
When it comes to chips boy, nigga get a grip
No cleats I’m a winner
Show love to the hoes and the freaks I remember
Hit the club and raise hell all week for the sinners
Meet the young Dennis, the menace of society
Check my sobriety fuck hoes in varities
Shame that these things is the reasons you admire me
But, I’m getting doe man these flows ‘gon retire me
Splurging all crazy, switching lanes in the Range swerving all crazy (Swerv)
Style on Nadal, I’ve been serving ya’ll lately
Cheddar on Federer
Ball ’till I fall, et cetera, et cetera

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Raekwon]
Grey walley black stitchin on a train same slang plain Jane
The strial is crispy
24 Karats gazelles clear..
Im so fly real year
Price so la fill weary
Besides killin gear
Its sniffin plain white lines
But jumpin off phenomenal missions
Yep drugs sellers that was in '88
Learnt how to true
Shoot through my coolers
Escape my Uncle huskie karate nigga
Die who stayed in jail
He did a twenty piece
He came home, block movers still know who he is
To us we was kids he said get rich and love life
Dont fuck with no pigs yo
Those days are hazed
Now we in chronic mode
No more plays
Runnin up a rob a clothes home or what
All we had was us and its sucks
Fly niggas is broke
Smoke coke, weed, and dust
I changed for the better
Brand new Beretta
Slappin a nigga face at the steal give me your leather
Through it all I learnt a lot
Plus I burnt a lot
The chronic now returned the clock

[Hook]
[Hook]
Wishing I could wrap my whole life up in 24 karats of gold
Lately I've been dreaming 'bout diamonds and pearls
Yup, diamonds and pearls, and enough money I could rule the world
If I ruled the world (x7)

[Verse 1: Big Sean]
If I ruled the world, I would buy it all
I'm addicted to champagne and buying the mall
I'm addicted to living life above the law
How much do it take to live above the law?
I call my homie Ralph up, cause his car stop
Told him bump a new car, come grab the car lot
That way you can have convertibles, and a hard top
Open up a few doors, since we had a hard knock, life
Like, open up, where restaurants and legs stay opened up
Start a franchise
So my dog can quit wearing a 44 up on his waist like it's his pants size
And to my OG locked up bumping Ready or Not
Who was just trying to do it big, but wasn't ready to die
Cop a first class whatever he like, with hoes already inside
Now he can rest in peace while he alive

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Big Sean]
Seems life's never at a stand still, even in a photo
Thinking about the ex girl, I hoed though
Like would we have won it all, or would I have lost it all like Ocho
The things I think about the most are things I never know though
Like, why don't school teach more mathematics
Less trigonometry and more about taxes
They at the chalkboard, teaching us ass backwards
How about preparing us for life, instead of lab rat us
With a mansion that's about five floors
No more sleeping on the couches, cause we got five more
With the fam that reminded me what I'm alive for
And at the same time remind me what I'd die for
A world where you wouldn't need sleep
That way we'd catch up instead of chase dreams
And finally get the speed boat my dad always wanted
I swear I feel it coming

[Hook]

[Verse 3: J. Cole]
Is this a dream, well that's how it feels
Sometimes I got to pinch a fat ass to see if it's real
I specifically remember, no heat in the winter
Now I supply heat for the winter
Then I skate to the beach for the winter
When it comes to chips boy, nigga get a grip
No cleats I'm a winner
Show love to the hoes and the freaks I remember
Hit the club and raise Hell all week for the sinners
Meet a young Dennis, the menace of society
Check my sobriety, fuck hoes in varities
Shame that these things is the reasons you admire me
But, I'm getting dough, man, these flows gon' retire me
Splurging all crazy, switching lanes in the range swerving all crazy
Style on Nadal, I've been serving ya'll lately
Cheddar on Federer
Ball 'till I fall, et cetera, et cetera

[Hook]
[Produced By Syience]

Hey I got a dolla and a dream
But its all a nigga got so its about that green
And im all up in that spot
Hey

[Verse 1]
Yeah the mental state of a young black genius conflicted
The fast life I done seen on the screen is addictive
Money and clothes I done dreamed about
And all the hoes that I fiend about
Ey tell me am I wrong for visualizing material shit I never had?
Waving gats instead of flags, the American Dream
Why do we cling to the villians?
Knowing they kill 'em
My niggas high enough to swing from the ceiling
Ink from the pen spilling on my notebook
Filled with dreams, this is my hope book
Still the screams from little girls shot and killed fill my head on the daily
At times I question God can you blame me? They can’t tame me!
My voice screech through the street..I'm a beast on em!
Oh no he will not fold, you will not see a crease on him!
He will not slip or lose his grip, they got them cleats on him!
But never will he run unless you call police on him

[Hook]
One time, two times, three times
Sometimes I scrap sometimes Im throwin up the peace sign
Its two sides to a nigga though
I said Its two sides to a nigga yo
Ay look sometimes I'm feeling high
Then I'm feeling low
Lord will I die will I survive let a nigga know
You say you know me but what side did you get to know?
Its two sides to a nigga yo yo yo

[Verse 2]
Yeah some pussy niggas pulled out on me and my mans
Wasn’t for the pistol we drop em right where he stands
But still we never ran, foolish pride made us stand right there
Not understanding we could lose our life there
And then it hit us, thinking bout the close calls from long distance
Ugh as lil niggas in the Ville we was trippin
Type of nosy ass niggas to watching the fight until its over
They ran when the gats came out, I moved closer
Foolish what was I thinking? wasn’t trying to be cool, its
Just the thrill of the danger get so filled up with anger
When a stranger get to violating
He sleeping on me wide awake, bitch I'll annihilate him
I'm tired of wait on my ticket out this mothafucka
Hope they don’t kill me before I get up out this mothafucka
I gotta go
Now can I be that nigga I thought I was? I gotta know
Will I make it like I thought I would? I gotta blow

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
Yeah I seen heaven, seen hell
The two faces of the Ville
One side dreams, the other sides real
One side schemes, the other side deals
What the pain brings another mother cry still
Why the fuck am I here God?
That nigga died why the fuck am I still alive?
I feel ashamed cause the good Lord done brought all this success to me
And all I seem to focus on is all this stress on me
Bless homie we breathin
Cold world got me sneezing
Wrote this when I was broke so hey I guess we even
Though it blows fighting demons trying to stop from bustin semen
In an unfamiliar bitch I know my niggas feel this shit
How could I fuck her raw? And I just met the ho
My dick took over it ain't never felt this wet before
Im stressing in my mind but its way to late to stop it
Mate this shit so bad, I had a condom in my pocket
Lets change the topic
Before I go berserk
I’m so alert, riding down 95
Naw I ain't finna to go to work
I’m headed back home ain't staying that long
I’m chasing dreams shawty im paying back loans
I’m paying dues that a nigga paying tax on
Im tryna blow like a nigga playing saxophone
Im playing daddy to another niggas daughter
Don’t worry even Jesus never saw his real father
It don’t bother me at all though
Yeah say it don’t bother me at all
They got me thinking bout my mom though
Man I can't wait to sing this song I be like, I be like

[Outro]
Hey don’t cry hey ohh no
We ain't gotta worry bout the money no more
We ain't gotta worry bout how them bill get paid
We ain't gotta worry how the meals get fed
Hey don’t cry hey ohh no
We ain't gotta worry bout the money no more
We ain't gotta worry bout how them bill get paid
We ain't gotta worry how the meals get fed
Hey Hey Hey
[Produced by Jake One]

[Verse 1: J Cole]
Yeah grew up with killers, I didn't know they was killers
We was just together man, playing Mega-man on Sega man
Your mama loved me to death, she reminded me of Afeni
Yeah real black queen
If I had a genie
I wish that she ain't struggle no more
Y'all wouldn't have to go to sleep with all the roaches if she wasn't so poor
You told me when you came to my house
This shit was like a timeout from reality
One night you asked me what I'm crying about
'cuz you was staying over for the weekend
I woke up from out my sleep
When I heard mama and my stepfather beefin
I don't know if he been drinkin
But I know this shit got loud and I heard rumbling from struggling
And rolling on the ground
Could never get used to that sound
My mama saying get off me
My tears is tumbling now
I wish that you never saw me
'Cuz I felt like a coward, so powerless I was only 12
I wish I would've bust through that door my fucking self
And grab the Glock right off the fucking shelf
If nothing else scared a nigga shitless
There goes two of my wishes
Forever scarred, determined to get some heart
No matter how big the nigga, no matter how small you are
Fast-forward to our older years
Two different paths
You used to talk to me about college but that shit didn't last
Waste of potential, getting cash, what could I say?
So tired of not having things, you never see it my way
Too proud to fold
Your demise
One day much to my surprise, my nigga called me, told me you just caught a body twice your size
I asked if it was self defense, he said it was defense of pride
And that they trying to give you ten, but if you lucky you'll do five damn
Not my nigga
The same one that told me that things always get better
Just trust me, don't cry my nigga
The news call him a killer, but he my nigga
Sad shit
Ay yo genie last wish, free my nigga
[Verse 1: J. Cole]

Yea, look niggas want to know the formula for success
Shit, but I studied for this test
Ay nigga Im better than the rest
You just rest, boy please!
Me im trynna stretch my treasure chest like some double D breast
So a nigga on a quest no question, so I tell them birds no nesting
Laying in my bed hope to lay a niggas egg
No- youll never hatch mine
Baby, you dont match mine
Im trynna shine like the bat sign
When its crime and the gats flyin
Up in Gotham watch em
Far from a thug but Ill drop one
Far from a scrub but Ill mop them
Watch them better leave them alone like Stockton
When he retired, shit your shit is fire boy stop
I dont buy it, boy caught, stop lying
Ya shit is not hot man if niggas not buying
Its not rocket science
But the way I rock it help me build up my alliance
These niggas ain't playing in New York like the Giants-ha!
A little line to show love to the city that got no love
Dont want to see a nigga grow rather see a nigga hold-up
Thats cold blooded, well never to fail
If you can make it here you can make if from heaven to hell
Im just a little nigga strait out the Ville
Always been sick probably never get well
And no time soon, step to a nigga get 4 times 2
Bet the way I spit it leave your mind blew with more rhymes due
Nigga you trying who?
Shit, nigga you tryning me bitch im better than all them niggas you trynna be
Shit, nigga you trying me? Bitch Im better than all them niggas you trynna be
Look, its no time to chill Im trynna get mills
Theres not time to chill im trynna build
Bitch theres no time to chill Im trynna get mills
Theres not time to chill im trynna build
Its no time to chill Im trynna get mills
Theres not time to chill im trynna build
Bitch its no time to chill nigga! Yep
[Verse 1: J. Cole]
It ain’t hard to tell, I excel and prevail
Young niggas raising hell but talk well
Make sales, and managed to evade jail
Blessed on the road to success, wasn't paid well
But here we are, breathing, fuck demons
Never get caught sleeping, I’d rather be caught dreaming
Now me and my niggas be flying across seas
Laughing at the days we used to rack tall T’s
Now we rock shows up in London, wondering
How they even heard of me
Never did occur to me if I get to the top one day
Lotta niggas gonna be sending shots some way
Could it be the words that I jot then say
Across the bed, hoes you never got complain
One day, though, some day is on
One day you’re here, next day you’re gone

[Verse 2: Alexis Jordan]
Wake up with the fear of living for another day
Tell myself that it’s nothing that I can’t take
Your strength is the sickness I can’t hide
I try to be invisible to him
Make no noise, tip toe through everything
Hell’s fury feeds the fear inside

[Hook: Alexis Jordan]
It’s like acid rain in a hurricane
Might hear your call to bring you cover
It’s a crown of thorns leaving me torn
Might hear your call to bring you cover

[Verse 3: Alexis Jordan]
I made choices that I cannot live with
I regret not choosing over him
I’m suffocating in this life
Don’t know if I can survive this weather
And you turn up with your arms and umbrella
I send a farewell tonight

[Hook]

[Verse 4: J. Cole]
My life could be a movie, dawg; let me write the script
It would be something truly never read like a crypt
Little nigga with clothes full of hoes like a pimp
Far from a flower but I rose like a blimp
Now who we gonna cast for the roles in this flick?
Only bad hoes getting chose for the tricks
Who gonna play the lead, though? Will Smith? Maybe
Second thought, fuck it, can't nobody ever play me

[Bridge 1: J.Cole]
Yo, some day is on, one day you’re here, next day you’re gone
Yo, some day is on, one day you’re here, next day you’re gone
Yo, some day is on, one day you’re here, next day you’re gone
Yo, some day is on, one day you’re here, next day you’re gone
One day you’re here, next day you’re gone

[Bridge 2: Alexis Jordan]
I know the risk has come, I know I can run into your arms
I know you’ll come to save me from harm

[Hook]
Ok I lied

[Verse 1]
Motherfucker try
Say I can't come to the hood, true lie
See I would but I'm out in Dubai
When I get back I'mma roll through that
Snatch yo bitch give yo niggas dap
The hood gon' ballistic, Cole was here and you missed it
That nigga walk like Obama man
Shake yo momma's hand and then kissed it
This pimp shit, pimp shit
Cole hard, you limp dick
My flow hard no wimp shit
Put in that work no temp shit
Yo bitch wearin' that lipstick
Gave this dick a french kiss
That nigga so wack when the bitch came back
He kissed her hoping that it get him sick, ha
Ain't that some shit
Well paid for this rap and shit
Ville made it to the map and shit
Niggas move cane like Kappa shit
Can't map this shit
From no bed springs in my mattresses
To fuckin' these bad little actresses
I'm bad as shit

[Bridge]
I got that work
Say what? My flow
Say what? My bitches
Say what? You Cole
Say what? I said

[Hook 3x]
Say what?
Ain't that some shit
Well paid for this rap and shit
Ain't that some shit bitch

Bitch
Bounce, bounce, bounce, bounce
Bounce (bounce) (4x)

[Verse 2]
Flow, flow, flow, flow
Flow tight put a nigga in a headlock
Fuck hoes out of wedlock
Make her bed rock
Red hot, so they got red dots
Pullin' that trigger nigga better be a head shot
Money long like dread locks shit
If you send shots then you bet not miss
For a couple G's, send a couple G's
Fuck copping pleas, Matlock shit (testify)
I gotta testify
Came through humble so it's best if I
Explain the newer shit, rockin' jewels shit
Got the full clip, cock and pull shit
Stop the bullshit watch the flow
How you gon' stop the unstoppable
Keep niggas on they toes no Dr. Scholls
It's the Roc bitch, rock and roll

[Bridge]

[Hook 3x]

Bitch
Bounce, bounce, bounce, bounce
Bounce (bounce) (4x)
My nigga Syience killed this motherfucking beat
[Verse 1]
Fast lane-livin', bad thing givin' brains
From the passenger side of the ride while I drive
And I swerve, vision blurred, make it hard to observe
Blame the liquor I absorb, and plus I’m high as God
Why is it, Lord, that I can’t seem to slow the whip down?
The same boy standin' up when them teachers told him, "Sit down"
Look, now, I done growed up and still don’t follow rules
Caught the blues, nigga, hold up, y’all still don’t got a clue
To all the cool niggas from high school that still ain’t doin' shit
‘Member when y’all used to fuck niggas up till they blue and shit?
Now your ass broke as a joke and them niggas doin' it
Funny how the tables turned and life, nigga, you ruined it
Three kids that never see they daddy
‘Less he need a dollar from his baby mama
And y’all still don’t wear a condom, is you stupid, nigga?
Fallin' in love with these hoes, is you Cupid, nigga?
You better learn ‘fore you burn, boy
See, me stay on top of my game, David Stern, boy
Did this dirt like worms
Now my mom was more concerned with the future
Y’all niggas stuck in neutral
This a city where police tryin' to shoot ya
The army tryin' to recruit ya
I’m here to get ya higher, baby, so this here's the booster
I’m tryin' to be the king, nigga, this that Martin Luther
Shit is crucial, now let me introduce ya to the real
From the ‘Villes, still pourin' liquor ‘fore my niggas killed

[Verse 2]
Bustin', I'm goin' numb
Sting like a bee, float like it's Noah's ark
You know it's hard, flow is sharp like I'm blowin' darts
Niggas bear with me
These hoes out here lookin' like some spare kidneys
They give it up, how gracious, ass outrageous
Up in the club, you could spot her, a Dalmatian
Say she found God, but to me she found Satan
She only gettin' hotter, what's good with the Ramada then?
Got a game tighter than them jeans her ass hidin' in
I got that D, baby, ain't talkin' vitamins
She said, “That's cool, nigga, but can you buy the Benz?”
She playin' niggas like a violin
I hit that ass just a little more violent
She hittin' notes, then I'm ghost like it's Shaolin
I'm on the prowl, maybe soon I'll throw the towel in
Until that day’s found, this is my playground, nigga

[Verse 3]
What do I got to do to prove to you
I’m not the dude for you to just try to fool with?
Niggas ain’t got a clue, bitch, niggas wanna bullshit
Don’t know that my crew thicker than these cute bitches
We normally knockin' boots with
Too slick to grip, my nigga, just stop that
That verse was so old that I done forgot that
But now I come off the top with the hot raps
Niggas know you better stop that
Comin' through, got the Glock cocked back
Nigga, I ain’t even got one
Nigga, I’m aimin' at your face with the shotgun
Lyrically, spiritually, niggas try and mirror me
But I’m a vampire
And I’m so damn higher than the average nigga
Can you get with ya?
I just signed to Jigga, nigga, how, how you figure?
Damn, I’m slippin' up on my words
But my verbs so sick that I never slip
Niggas know, uh, uh, please save me, XV
[Verse 1: J. Cole]

Damn, Cole World
I never thought I see that day that you my ol' girl
Now I’m stuck here hollerin' at old girl
Got one, Got two, three, four girls
Shotgun in the drop made a right
Hut one, Hut two, told them niggas take a hike
Then it’s on to the next one on on to the next one
Hard to move on when you always regret one

[Verse 2: Miguel]
I wonder sometimes, I wonder if I was wrong
Tryin' do right by you got me here
Now all I am is alone
Cause her eyes
Those hips
And that ass
Don’t compare at all, no
And at best all they do is distract me but now
Deep down when I face it

[Hook: Miguel]
All I want is you
All I want is you now
All I want is you now
Now that you’re gone, gone, gone

[Verse 3: Miguel]
'Cuz being your friend is killin' me softly
I hear voices
Wonder where I went wrong
It was my fault
And the wrong time
I wonder so often
Regret gets exhausted

Cause her eyes
Those hips
And that ass
Don’t compare at all, no
And at best all they do is distract me but now
Deep down when I face it

[Hook x2]

[Verse 4: Miguel]

'Cuz they don’t smile or smell like you
'N' they don’t make me laugh or even cook like you
'N' they don’t photograph, nah they don't sex like you
Let's face it, I can’t replace
That's why all I want is you now

[Verse 5: J. Cole]
I hit the club when you left me thinking that could heal
Tryin' to celebrate my Independence Day, Will Smith
Baby girl who I’m kidding?
Still sick, real shit
All my new bitches seem to get old real quick
And could it be, you everything that these plain bitches couldn’t be?
Is it a sign from the Lord that I shouldn’t be
Lost in the Player way sorta get old to me
Got me on layaway, Girl you gotta a hold on me
I say I’m wrong, You say come again
Damn said I was wrong look don’t rub it in
I got a lot on my mind
Got a flock full of dimes
Like a line full of hoes
How they coming in
Just saying
Don’t wanna have me then somebody will
I’m playing
Weight on my chest like I body build
I’m praying
You ain’t content with tryin' to do your thang
And come back baby boomerang

[Hook]
[Chorus]
Baby I'm preying on you tonight
Hunt you down eat you alive
Just like animals
Maybe you think that you can hide
I can smell your scent from miles
Just like animals
Baby I'm-

[Verse 1]
So what you trying to do to me
It's like we can't stop, we're enemies
But we get along when I'm inside you
You're like a drug that's killing me
I cut you out entirely
But I get so high when I'm inside you

[Pre-Chorus]
Yeah you can start over, you can run free
You can find other fish in the sea
You can pretend it's meant to be
But you can't stay away from me
I can still hear you making that sound
Taking me down rolling on the ground
You can pretend that it was me, but no

[Chorus]

[Verse 2]
So if I run it's not enough
You're still in my head, forever stuck
So you can do what you wanna do
I love your lies, I'll eat 'em up
But don't deny the animal
That comes alive when I'm inside you

[Pre-Chorus + Chorus]

[Bridge]
Don't tell no lies, you can't deny
The beast inside
No girl don't lie, you can't deny
The beast inside
Just like animals
Just like animals

[Verse 3: J. Cole]
This is pain, this is love, this is sent from above
This a gift from the Gods, this was meant to be
You can run, you can hide, you can front, you can lie
But in time you gon' find you was meant for me
You a part of me and I'm a part of you
I'm addicted, one hit won't do I need a lot of you
Overdosing, your potion has got me floating on cloud nine
Tell me what I'm supposed to do when I run out of you, I'm through
I need a fix like d-boys need bricks
And plus whips to transport 'em
J. Cole, I seen it tall, you can't short 'em
One more time together
I hope your new man don't mind, girl you're mine forever

[Chorus + Bridge]
[Produced by J. Cole and Omen]
[Directed by Scott Lazes]

[Intro]
Oh right, oh
Oh why na-da-da-da

[Hook]
I keep my head high
I got my wings to carry me
I don't know freedom
I want my dreams to rescue me
I keep my faith strong
I ask the Lord to follow me
I've been unfaithful
I don't know why you call on me

[Verse 1]
This is my canvas
I'ma paint it how I want it baby, oh I
This is my canvas
I'ma paint it, paint it, paint it, how I want it nigga
Fuck you cause there, there is no right or wrong, only a song
I like to ride/write alone, be in my zone
Think back to Forest Hills, no perfect home
But the only thing like home I've ever known
Until they snatched it from my mama and foreclosed her on the loan
I'm so sorry that I left you there to deal with that alone
I was up in New York City chasing panties, getting dome
Had no clue what you was going through, how could you be so strong?
And how could I be so selfish, I know I can be so selfish
I could tell by how I treat you with my girl, damn she so selfless
But she put up with my ways because she loves me like you do
And though it don't always show I love her just like I love you
And I need to treat you better
Wish you could live forever
So we could spend more time together
(I love you mama)

[Hook]

[Bridge]
Apparently, you believe in me, you believe in me
Apparently, you believe in me and I thank you for it

[Verse 2]
Another day, another rhyme, ho
Another day, another time zone
Today, I woke up feeling horny so it's only right
I got two bitches playing on my trombone
Keep up, never sure where the words would take me
Niggas eat em up, and regurgitate me
Shit trump tight never slurred it lazy
Give a virgin the urge to rape me, nigga please
Best friends really make great for enemies
My watch came, niggas can't wait for one of these
I see you nigga, this ain't no Rolex, it's a AP nigga
I'm hot, dog, catch up to me nigga
Uh, couldn't resist
Aim for the stars and I shouldn't have missed
But I was riding on fumes so I stopped by the moon
Now I'm sitting on the hood of this bitch like thanks for the view
Waiting on thanks from a few cause without me you wouldn't exist
You know that shit gave you the blueprint don't forget
Cold as your phone on zero percent
Going off, now niggas showing off
Niggas swear they hard but they flowing soft
I'm taking off like boing on a big ass Boeing
Getting head like a coin toss, too easy

[Hook]

[Bridge]
[Hook]
Every day a star is born (And you say New York City!)
Clap for em, clap for em, clap for em
Every day a star is born
Clap for em, clap for em, clap for em
Hey!

[Verse 1 - Jay-Z]
I seen Mase do it, I seen Ye do it
X came through, caught lighter fluid
Still I came through it
Clap for em
But I’m the blueprint
I’m like the map for em
I dropped another classic
Made Puff pass it
Nobody could touch Puff back when Puff had it
Wayne scorching, I'll applaud him
If he keep going, pass the torch to him
50 came through like hurricanes do
I thought I'd finish his ass at Summer Jam too
I had the Illmatic on bootleg
The shit was so ahead, thought we was all dead
Wayne did A Milli, 50 did a milli
Ye too, but what Em did was silly
The white boy blossomed after Dre endorsed him
His flow on Renegade, fucking awesome
Applaud him

[Hook]

[Verse 2 - Jay-Z]
Snoop dogged it, Nelly came down
The Face Mob, kept it ghetto for the H town
Luda moved digits after he moved bitches
Drake’s up next, see what he do with it
Rule had a run, couple movie parts
T.I. literally wanted to shoot up the charts
What up Jeezy, what it do
Y’all remind me of us in early '92
Outkast landed, 3 thou was ill
Like a male version of Lauryn Hill
Mobb Deep shook it but Prodigy took it a lil' too far
Can’t fuck with Brooklyn
Wu-Tang gangbanged it, Meth ate
Rae took on the date with the Purple Tape
Passed on to Ason and then Ghostface
They had a hell of a run
Standing ovate, ayyy

[Hook]

[Verse 3 - Jay-Z]
And I am one of one
Can’t you see just how long my run
My reign Lulu's son shine
Been a star since I was back in one time
One time give it up for him
December 4th a star was born
Clap for him
He went from moving that corner
To this corner office is so enormous
Hey, Pres Carter
Watch them get they Monica on all day
Hey
Got so many different monikers but only 1 Jay
They come, they go
Some real, some faux
Some friends, some hoes
But no, I goes nowhere, this Hov

[Hook]

[Verse 4 - J. Cole]
And could I be a star
Does fame in this game have to change who you are?
Or could I be the same one who came from a far away life
Just to make it in these Broadway lights?
Now shining in the broad day light, go figure
A slow transition from a little broke nigga from the Ville
Got a deal, a real life saver
Dreams of being behind the wheel like Jada
I chill now...cop a little ice later
Cole you got the glow like a lil' lightsaber
So clap for him, then applaud Hov
He gave him a platform
Flow so sick thought he wrote the rap for him
No sir
The flow's cold as a shoulder
Of gold digging hoes when a broke nigga approaches
Told ya I’m focused man
I’ll let you motherfuckers soak it in
[Verse 1: J. Cole]
And could I be a star?
Does fame in this game have to change who you are?
Or could I be the same one who came from a far away life
Just to make it in this broadway lights
Now I'm shinin in the broad, day-light - go figure
A slow transition from a lil' broke nigga from the 'Ville
Got a deal, a real life saver
Dreams of being behind the wheel like, Jada
I chill now, cop a lil' ice later
Cole, you got a glow like a lil' Lightsaber
So, clap for him, then applaud Hov
He gave 'em the platform
Flow so sick thought he wrote the rap for him - no sir
The flow cold as a shoulder of a gold diggin hoes
When a broke nigga 'proaches
Told ya I'm focused man, I'll let you muh'fuckers soak it in
Clap for him

[Verse 2: J. Cole]

Dear Lord, what am I here for?
Is it the girls, or the money or is there more?
I know the world ’bout to come to an endin’
So, before it does, let me finish all my sinnin’
I see the devil grinning, as if he winning
This just the bottom of the 9th inning
I’m coming back like light-skin and
What a sad sight, lookin’ at my gas light
Damn, man, I just threw ten in
Look, 5 dollars won’t get you what it used to
And, look, love don’t mean what it used to
And everybody and they momma on YouTube
Is it just me or is this unusual?
Don’t wanna lose you, just wanna reach y’all
So let me slow down to the beat y’all
Put the remote down, move ya feet y’all
One time for the boys holdin’ heat y’all
Keep that tucked ‘fore somebody get hurt
See me, I’d rather cut let ya body give birth
Now, if you was the last man walking on Earth
Turn this up, clap ya hands like this was church
Hey…and clap for him…
