[Produced by Kanye West, Mike Dean & Plain Pat]

[Intro: Bon Iver]
I shoot the lights out
Hide 'til it's bright out
Oh just another lonely night
Are you willing to sacrifice your life?

[Intro Verse: Rick Ross]
Bitch, I'm a monster, no-good blood-sucker
Fat motherfucker– now look who's in trouble
As you run through my jungles all you hear is rumbles
Kanye West samples, here's one for example:

[Hook: Kanye West]
Gossip, gossip, nigga just stop it
Everybody know I'm a motherfucking monster
I'm-a need to see your fucking hands at the concert
I'm-a need to see your fucking hands at the concert
Profit, profit, nigga I got it
Everybody know I'm a motherfucking monster
I'm-a need to see your fucking hands at the concert
I'm-a need to see your fucking hands

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
The best living or dead hands down, huh
Less talk, more head right now, huh
And my eyes more red than the devil is
And I'm about to take it to another level, bitch
No matter who you go and get
Ain't nobody cold as this
Do the rap and the track, triple double no assists
And my only focus is staying on some bogus shit
Arguing with my older bitch, acting like I owe her shit
I heard that people sing raps to give the track pain
Bought the chain that always give me back pain
Fucking up my money so yeah I had to act sane
Chi nigga but these hoes love my accent
Chick came up to me and said
"This the number to dial
If you wanna make your #1 your #2 now"
Mix that Goose and Malibu I call it "Malibooyah"
Goddamn, Yeezy, how he hit them with a new style?
Know that motherfucker well: "What you gonna do now?
Whatever I want to do. Gosh! It's cool now"
Know I'm gonna do, ah, it's the new now
Think you motherfuckers really really need to cool out
Cause you'll never get on top of this
So mommy, best advice is just to get on top of this
Have you ever had sex with a pharaoh?
Put the pussy in a sarcophagus
Now she claiming that I bruised her esophagus
Head of the class and she just won a swallowship
I'm living in the future so the present is my past
My presence is a present, kiss my ass

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Jay Z]
Sasquatch, Godzilla, King Kong, Loch Ness
Goblin, ghoul, a zombie with no conscience
Question: What do these things all have in common?
Everybody knows I'm a motherfucking monster
Conquer, stomp ya, stop your silly nonsense
Nonsense, none of you niggas know where the swamp is
None of you niggas have seen the carnage that I've seen
I still hear fiends scream in my dreams
Murder, murder in black convertibles
I kill the block, I murder the avenues
I rape and pillage your village, women and children
Everybody want to know what my Achilles heel is
Love, I don't get enough of it
All I get is these vampires and blood-suckers
All I see is these niggas I made millionaires
Milling about, spilling they feelings in the air
All I see is these fake fucks with no fangs
Trying to draw blood from my ice-cold veins
I smell a massacre
Seems to be the only way to back you bastards up

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Nicki Minaj]
Pull up in the monster automobile, gangsta
With a bad bitch that came from Sri Lanka
Yeah I'm in that Tonka color of Willy Wonka
You could be the king but watch the queen conquer
OK, first things first I'll eat your brains
Then I'm a start rocking gold teeth and fangs
Cause that's what a motherfucking monster do
Hair dresser from Milan that's the monster do
Monster Giuseppe heel, that's the monster shoe
Young Money is the roster and a monster crew
And I'm all up, all up, all up in the bank with the funny face
And if I'm fake, I ain't notice cause my money ain't
So let me get this straight, wait, I'm the rookie?
But my features and my shows ten times your pay?
50K for a verse, no album out
Yeah, my money's so tall that my Barbiez got to climb it
Hotter than a Middle Eastern climate, violent
Tony Matterhorn, dutty wine it, wylin'
Nicki on them titties when I sign it
That's how these niggas so one-track-minded
But really really I don't give a F-U-C-K
Forget Barbie, fuck Nicki cause she's fake
She's on a diet but her pockets eating cheesecake
And I'll say bride of Chucky is child's play
Just killed another career, it's a mild day
Besides 'Ye, they can't stand besides me
I think me, you and Am should ménage Friday
Pink wig, thick ass, give them whiplash
I think big, get cash, make them blink fast
Now look at what you just saw, this is what you live for
I'm a motherfucking monster

[Outro: Bon Iver]
I crossed the line
And I'll let God decide
And I wouldn't last these shows
So I am heading home
[Produced by Anthony Kilhoffer, Hit-Boy, Kanye West & Mike Dean]

[Intro: Blades of Glory sample]
“We're going to skate to one song, one song only”

[Verse 1: Jay Z]
So I ball so hard mothafuckas wanna fine me
First niggas gotta find me
What's 50 grand to a mothafucka like me
Can you please remind me? (Ball so hard)
This shit crazy y'all don't know that don't shit faze me
The Nets could go 0 for 82 and I'd look at you like this shit gravy
(Ball so hard) This shit weird, we ain't even s'posed to be here
(Ball so hard) Since we here it's only right that we'd be fair
Psycho: I'm liable to go Michael, take your pick
Jackson, Tyson, Jordan, Game 6
(Ball so hard) Got a broken clock, Rolleys that don't tick tock
Audemars that's losing time, hidden behind all these big rocks
(Ball so hard) I'm shocked too, I'm supposed to be locked up too
If you escaped what I've escaped
You'd be in Paris getting fucked up too
(Ball so hard) Let’s get faded, Le Meurice for like 6 days
Gold bottles, scold models, spillin’ Ace on my sick J’s
(Ball so hard) Bitch, behave, just might let you meet 'Ye
Chi town's D. Rose, I’m moving the Nets to BK

[Hook]
Ball so hard mothafuckas want to fine me
(That shit cray, that shit cray, that shit cray)

[Verse 2: Kanye]
She said, "'Ye, can we get married at the mall?"
I said, "Look, you need to crawl 'fore you ball
Come and meet me in the bathroom stall
And show me why you deserve to have it all."
(Ball so hard) That shit cray, ain’t it Jay?
What she order, fish filet?
"Your whip so cold" – this old thing?
Act like you’ll ever be around mothafuckas like this again
Bougie girl, grab my hand, fuck that bitch she don’t wanna dance
Excuse my French but I’m in France, I’m just sayin'
Prince Williams ain’t do it right if you ask me
Cause I was him, I would have married Kate and Ashley
What’s Gucci, my nigga? What’s Louis, my killa?
What’s drugs, my dealer? What’s that jacket, Margiela?
Doctors say I’m the illest, cause I’m suffering from realness
Got my niggas in Paris and they going gorillas, huh

[Interlude]
“I don't even know what that means
(No one knows what it means, but it's provocative)
No it's not, it's gross (Gets the people going)”

[Hook]

[Outro: Kanye]
You are now watching the throne, don't let me get in my zone
Don't let me get in my zone, don't let me get in my zone
These other niggas is lyin, actin’ like the summer ain’t mine
(I got that hot bitch in my home)
You know how many hot bitches I own?
Don't let me get in my zone, don't let me get in my zone
Don't let me get in my zone, don't let me get in my zone
The stars is in the building, they hands is to the ceiling
I know I’m 'bout to kill it, how you know? I got that feeling
You are now watching the throne, don't let me into my zone
Don't let me into my zone (I’m definitely in my zone)
So I’m the bad guy now I hear, because I don’t go with the flow
Don’t ever go with the flow, be the flow
And I don’t need no middle man to talk to my niggas
I understand if you don’t understand, I figure I’m Jigga
That’s where we differ
I take what’s mine, you accept what they they give you, I get you
I don’t take no checks I take my respect
Pharrell even told me go with the safest bet
Jimmy Iovine offered a safety net
Google dangled around a crazy check
I feel like Youtube is the biggest culprit
Them niggas pay you a tenth of what you supposed to get
You know niggas die for equal pay right?
You know when I work I ain't your slave right?
You know I ain't shucking and jiving and high fiving
You know this ain't back in the days right?
But I can't tell, how the way they killed Freddie Gray right
Shot down Mike Brown how they did Tray right?
Let them continue choking niggas
We gonna turn style, I ain't your token nigga
You know I came in this game independent right?
Tidal, my own label, same difference
Oh niggas is skeptical as their own shit
You bought 9 iPhones and Steve Jobs is rich
Phil Knight worth trillions you still bought those kicks
Spotify is 9 billion they ain't say shit
Lucy you got some splaining to do
The only one they hating on look the same as you
That's cool, I know they trying to bamboozle you
Spending millions on media trying to confuse you
I had to talk to myself, Hov you used to it
It's politics as usual
[Produced By: 88 Keys, Kanye West & Mike Dean]

[Hook: Frank Ocean]
Human beings in a mob
What's a mob to a king? What's a king to a god?
What's a god to a non-believer who don't believe in anything?
Will he make it out alive? Alright, alright, no church in the wild

[Verse 1: Jay Z]
Tears on the mausoleum floor
Blood stains the Colosseum doors
Lies on the lips of a priest
Thanksgiving disguised as a feast
Rolling in the Rolls Royce Corniche
Only the doctors got this, I’m hiding from police
Cocaine seats, all white like I got the whole thing bleached
Drug dealer chic, I’m wondering if a thug’s prayers reach
Is Pious pious cause God loves pious?
Socrates asked whose bias do y'all seek?
All for Plato, screech
I’m out here balling, I know y'all hear my sneaks
Jesus was a carpenter, Yeezy he laid beats
Hova flow the Holy Ghost, get the hell up out your seats, preach

[Hook]

[Bridge: The-Dream]
I live by you, desire
I stand by you, walk through the fire
Your love is my scripture
Let me into your encryption

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
Coke on her black skin
Made a stripe like a zebra, I call that jungle fever
You will not control the threesome
Just roll the weed up until I get me some
We formed a new religion
No sins as long as there’s permission
And deception is the only felony
To never fuck nobody without telling me
Sunglasses and Advil, last night was mad real
Sun coming up, 5 a.m., I wonder if they got cabs still?
Thinking 'bout the girl in all leopard
Who was rubbing the wood like Kiki Shepard
Two tattoos: one read "No Apologies"
The other said "Love is Cursed by Monogamy"
It’s something that the pastor don’t preach
It’s something that a teacher can’t teach
When we die the money we can’t keep
But we probably spend it all cause the pain ain’t cheap: preach

[Hook]
[Part 1: Pound Cake, Produced by Boi-1da, Matthew Burnett, and Jordan Evans]

[Intro: Jimmy Smith]
Good God Almighty. Like back in the old days. You know, years ago they had the A&R men to tell you what to play, how to play it and you know whether it's disco and rock but we just went in the studio and we did it. We had the champagne in the studio, of course, compliments of the company, and we just laid back and did it. So we hope you enjoy listening to this album half as much as we enjoyed playing it for you. Because we had a ball. Only real music is gonna last, all the other bullshit is here today and gone tomorrow...

[Hook: Timbaland]
Cash rules everything around me
C.R.E.A.M. get the money, dolla-dolla bill y'all

[Verse 1: Drake]
After hours of Il Mulino
Or Sotto Sotto, just talkin' women and vino
The contract like '91 Dan Marino
I swear this guy Michael Rapino's boosting my ego
Overly focused, it's far from the time to rest now
Debates growin' 'bout who they think is the best now?
Took a while, got the jokers out of the deck now
I'm holdin' all the cards and niggas wanna play chess now
I hear you talking, say it twice so I know you meant it
Fuck it, I don't even tint it, they should know who's in it
I'm authentic, real name, no gimmicks
No game, no scrimmage, I ain't playin' with you niggas at all
My classmates, they went on to be chartered accountants
Or work with their parents, but thinkin' back on how they treated me
My high school reunion might be worth an appearance
Make everybody have to go through security clearance
Tables turn, bridges burn, you live and learn
With the ink I could murder, word to my nigga Irv
Yeah, I swear shit just started clickin' dog
You know it's real when you are who you think you are

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Jay Z]
I had Benzes 'fore you had braces
The all-black Maybach but I'm not a racist
Inside's whiter than Katy Perry's face is
Yellow diamonds in my Jesús
I just might learn to speak Mandarin
Japanese for the yen that I'm handlin'
International Hov, that's my handle
My saint's Changó, light a candle
El Gran Santo on the mantle
Case y'all didn't know, I speak Spanish too
Shout out to World Wide Wes
Everywhere we go, we leave a worldwide mess
Yes, still Roc La Familia
Says a lot about you if you not feelin' us
The homies said "Hov, it ain't many of us"
I told 'em less is more niggas, plenty of us

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Jay Z]
Cake, cake-cake, cake-cake, cake
500 million, I got a pound cake
Niggas is frontin', that's upside-down cake
Get 'em a red nose, they clown cakes
They shoulda never let you 'round cake
Look at my neck, I got a carrot cake
Now here's the icin' on the cake
Cake, cake-cake, cake-cake, uhh
I'm just gettin' started, oh, yeah, we got it bitch
I've done made more millionaires than the lotto did
Dame made millions, Biggs made millions
Ye made millions, Just made millions
Lyor made millions, Cam made millions
Beans'a tell you if he wasn't in his feelins
I'm back in my bag
My eyes bloodshot but my jet don't lag
A pair of Jordan 3's tryna chase this cash
Gucci air bag just in case we crash
Uh, last night was mad trill
I'm fresh out of Advil, Jesus grab the wheel

[Part 2: Paris Morton Music 2, Produced by Detail]

[Verse 1: Drake]
Look, fuck all that "Happy to be here" shit that y'all want me on
I'm the big homie, they still be tryna lil bro me, dog
Like I should fall in line, like I should alert niggas
When I'm 'bout to drop somethin' crazy and not say I'm the greatest
Of my generation, like I should be dressing different
Like I should be less aggressive and pessimistic
Like I should be way more nervous and less dismissive
Like I should be on my best behavior and not talk my shit
And do it major like the niggas who paved the way for us
Like I didn't study the game to the letter
And understand that I'm not doin' it the same
Man, I'm doing it better
Like I didn't make that clearer this year
Like I should feel, I don't know, guilty for saying that
They should put a couple more mirrors in here
So I can stare at myself
These are usually just some thoughts that I would share with myself
But I thought "Fuck it"
It's worth it to share 'em with someone else other than Paris for once
I text her from time to time, she a mom now
I guess sometimes life forces us to calm down
I told her she could live with me if she need to
I got a compound but I think she's straight
Cause she supported since Hot Beats right before Wayne came
And got me out of the back room where I was rapping with Jas over beats that I shouldn't have in the hopes for the glory
He walked right past in the hallway
Three months later, I'm his artist
He probably wouldn't remember that story
But that shit stick with me
Always couldn't believe when he called me
You never know, it could happen to you
And I just spent four Ferraris all on a brand new Bugatti
And did that shit cause it's somethin' to do
Yeah, I guess that's just who I became, dog
Nothing was the same, dog
[Intro: James Fauntleroy]
What of the dollar you murdered for?
Is that the one fighting for your soul?
Or your brother's the one that you're running from?
But if you got money, fuck it, cause I want some

[Big Sean]
B-I-G
Who fucking with me?
Oh God!

[Hook: Big Sean]
Ain't nobody fucking with my clique
Clique, clique, clique, clique
Ain't nobody fresher than my muthafuckin clique
Clique, clique, clique, clique
As I look around, they don't do it like my clique
Clique, clique, clique, clique
And all these bad bitches, man, they want the
They want the, they want the

[Verse 1: Big Sean]
I tell a bad bitch do whatever I say
My block behind me like I'm coming out the driveway
It's grind day, from Friday, to next Friday
I been up straight for nine days, I need a spa day
Yup, she trying get me that poo-tang
I might let my crew bang, my crew deeper than Wu Tang
I'm rolling with... fuck I'm saying? Girl, you know my crew name
You know 2 Chainz? Scrrr! I'm pulling up in that Bruce Wayne
But I'm the fucking villain, man, they kneeling when I'm walking in the building
Freaky women I be feeling from the bank accounts I'm filling
What a feeling, ah man, they gotta be
Young player from the D that's killing everything that he see for the dough

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Jay-Z]
Yeah, I'm talking Ye, yeah, I'm talking Rih
Yeah, I'm talking B, nigga, I'm talking me
Yeah, I'm talking bossy, I ain't talking Kelis
Your money too short, you can't be talking to me
Yeah, I'm talking LeBron, we ball in our family tree
G.O.O.D. Music drug-dealing cousin, ain't nothing fuckin' with we, me
Turn that 62 to 125, 125 to a 250
250 to a half a million, ain't nothin' nobody can do with me
Now who with me? ¡Vámonos! Call me Hov or Jefe
Translation: I'm the shit, least that what my neck say
Least that what my check say, lost my homie for a decade
Nigga down for like 12 years, ain't hug his son since the second grade
He never told. Who he gonna tell? We top of the totem pole
It's the Dream Team meets the Supreme Team
And all our eyes green it only means one thing
You ain't fucking with the clique

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Kanye West]
Break records at Louis, ate breakfast at Gucci
My girl a superstar all from a home movie
Bow on our arrival - the un-American idols
What niggas did in Paris, got 'em hanging off the Eiffel
Yeah I'm talking business, we talking CIA
I'm talking George Tenet, I seen him the other day
He asked me about my Maybach, think he had the same
Except mine tinted and his might have been rented
You know white people get money, don't spend it
Or maybe they get money, buy a business
I rather buy 80 gold chains and go ign'ant
I know Spike Lee gone kill me but let me finish
Blame it on the pigment, we living no limits
Them gold Master P ceilings was just a figment
Of our imagination, MTV cribs
Now I'm looking at a crib right next to where TC lives
That's Tom Cruise, whatever she accuse
He wasn't really drunk he just had a frew brews
Pass the refreshments, a cool, cool beverage
Everything I do need a news crew's presence
Speedboat swerve, homie watch out for the waves
I'm way too black to burn from sun rays
So I just meditate at the home in Pompeii
About how I could build a new Rome in one day
Everytime I'm in Vegas they screaming like he's Elvis
But I just wanna design hotels and nail it
Shit is real, got me feeling Israelian
Like Bar Refaeli, Gisele, nah that's Brazilian
Went through, deep depression when my momma passed
Suicide, what kinda talk is that?
But I been talking to God for so long
That if you look at my life I guess he's talking back
Fucking with my clique

[Outro: Big Sean]
Ain't nobody fresher than my muthafuckin clique
As I look around, they don't do it like my clique
And all these bad bitches, man, they want the
They want the, they want the
[Intro: Beyoncé]
Who wants that perfect love story anyway, anyway?
Cliché, cliché, cliché, cliché
Who wants that hero love that saves the day, anyway?
Cliché, cliché, cliché, cliché
What about the bad guy goes good, yeah?
And the missing love that's misunderstood, yeah?
Black hour glass, our glass
Toast to clichés in a dark past
Toast to clichés in a dark past

[Verse 1: Jay-Z]
Boy meets girl, girl perfect woman
Girl get to bustin' before the cops come running
Chuck the deuces, chuck the D'usse
Fuck what you say, boys in blue say

[Beyoncé]
I don't care if we on the run
Baby as long I'm next to you
And if loving you is a crime
Tell me why do I bring out the best in you

[Bridge: Beyoncé]
I hear sirens while we make love
Loud as hell, but they don't know
They're nowhere near us
I will hold your heart and your gun
I don't care if they come, noooo
I know it's crazy but

[Hook: Beyoncé]
They can take me
Now that I found the places that you take me
Without you I got nothing to lose

[Verse 2: Jay-Z]
I'm an outlaw, got an outlaw chick
Bumping 2Pac, on my outlaw shit
Matching tatts, this Ink don't come off
Even if rings come off, if things ring off
My nails get dirty, my past ain't pretty
My lady is, my Mercedes is
My baby momma harder than a lot of you niggas
Keep it 100, hit the lottery niggas
You ain't about that life ain't gotta lie to me, nigga
You know it's 'til the death, I hope it's obvi to niggas
Cross the line, speak about mine
I'mma wave this Tec, I'm a geek about mine
Touch a nigga where his rib at, I click clack
Push your mothafuckin' wig back, I did that
I been wilding since a juvi, she was a good girl
'til she knew me, now she is in the drop bustin' Uey's, screaming

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Jay-Z]
Deeper then words, beyond right
Die for your love, beyond life
Sweet as a Jesus piece, beyond ice
Blind me baby with your neon lights
Ray Bans on, police in sight
Oh, what a beautiful death, let's both wear white
If you go to heaven and they bring me to hell
Just sneak out and meet me, bring a box of L's
She fell in love with the bad guy, the bad guy
What you doing with them rap guys, them rap guys
They ain't see potential in me girl, but you see it
If it's me and you against the world, then so be it

[Beyoncé]
I don't care if they give me life
I get all of my life from you
And if loving you had a price
I would pay my life for you

[Bridge]

[Outro: Beyoncé]
I don't care I'll never give it up
Give it up, give it up, give it all away
No I swear I'll never give it up
Give it up, give it up, give it all away
I don't care I'll never give it up
Give it up, give it up, give it all away
No I swear I'll never give it up
Give it up, give it up, give it all away
(Without you I got nothing to lose)
[Talking: Jay-Z]
Uhh uhh uhh
You ready B? Let's go get 'em

[Verse 1: Jay-Z]
Look for me! Young, B
Cruisin down the Westside Highway
Doing what we like to do, our way
Eyes behind shades, this necklace the reason
All of my dates been blind dates
But today, I got my thoroughest girl wit me
I'm mashing the gas, she's grabbing the wheel, it's trippy how hard
She rides with me - the new Bobby and Whitney
Only time we don't speak is during Sex and the City
She gets Carrie fever, but soon as the show is over
She's right back to being my soldier
Cause mami's a rider, and I'm a roller
Put us together, how they gon' stop both us?
What ever she lacks, I'm right over her shoulder
When I'm off track, mami is keepin me focused
So let's lock this down like it's supposed to be
The '03 Bonnie and Clyde, Hov' and B

[Hook]
[Jay] All I need in this life of sin, is me and my girlfriend
[Bey] Down to ride 'til the very end, it's me and my boyfriend
[Jay] All I need in this life of sin, is me and my girlfriend
[Bey] Down to ride 'til the very end, it's me and my boyfriend

[Verse 2: Jay-Z]
The problem is, you dudes treat the one that you loving
With the same respect that you treat the one that you humping
That ain't 'bout nothing - if ever you mad about something
It won't be that; oh no it won't be that
I don't be at, places where we comfy at
With no be-atch; oh no you won't see that
And no, I ain't perfect - nobody walkin this earth's surface is
But girlfriend, work with the kid
I keep you working that Hermes Birkin bag
Manolo Blahnik Timbs, Aviator lens
600 drops, Hercedes Benz
The only time you wear Burberry to swim
And I don't have to worry, only worry is him
She do anything necessary for him
And I do anything necessary for her
So don't let the necessary occur, yep!

[Hook]

[Beyoncé]
(Talk to 'em B)
If I was your girlfriend
I'll be there for you, if somebody hurts you
Even if that somebody was me
Yeah-hee (break it down for 'em, B)
Sometimes I trip on how happy we could be
And so I put this on my life
Nobody or nothing will ever come between us
And I promise I'll give my life
My love and my trust if you was my boyfriend
Put this on my life
The air that I breathe in, all that I believe in
I promise I'll give my life
And all of my trust if you was my boyfriend

[Hook]
[Intro: Leonardo DiCaprio]
"My life has got to be like this, it's got to keep going up."
"I've been in several things, I was in the drug business, then I was in the oil business, but I'm not in either one now, you understand?"
"I had my own little business on the side, a sort of sideline... a rather confidential sort of thing... but you might make a nice bit of money."

[Hook]
Hundred dollar bills

[Verse 1]
Benjamin Franklins filled, fold it just for the thrill
Go numb until I can't feel, or might pop this pill
Stock markets just crash, now I'm just a bill
History don't repeat itself, it rhymes, 1929, still
Write like Mark Twain, Jay Gatsby, I park things
Yellow cars, yellow gold like Slick Rick, still tip
On four-four's (Who?) Four-four's at the 4-0 (Wait) for O
Dollars fall on the skin, some might call it sin
Politicians all move for money, what the hell are we calling 'em?
Low life, I'm crawling out, 911, I Porsched it out
Y'all niggas all hypocrites, y'all know what this shit is all about
Hunnid, dolla, hunnid dolla bill, real, uh

[Interlude: Leonardo DiCaprio, Joel Edgerton]
"Her voice is full of money."
"He's a crook, George. He throws those parties the papers are always talking about."
"I didn't want you to think I was just some nobody."
"We were born different. It's in our blood."

[Verse 2]
New heroines, new Marilyns, move coke through Maryland
Through Easton, oh, you beasting
Move fat packs, Jack Gleason
The honeymoon's over with the streets shit
Least see my kids on the weekend
Carter, new Kennedy
No ordinary Joe, you'll remember me
No prohibition for my coalition
Colin Powell, general admission
You're all welcome, new Malcolm, of the talcum
"By any means," AK lookin' out the window screen
"Let's Get It On," new Marvin
Who wanna become my 100th problem?
Semi-automatic or revolver, semi-automatic I'll solve em
Einstein, my mind, this MC move white squares with my relatives
That cheese made us constipated couldn't tell us shit
Took that Taylor Swift to a hundred fucking million, bitch
I'mma let y'all continue but... ha-ha...

[Interlude: Leonardo DiCaprio & Tobey Maguire]
"It's called greed, old sport."
"That's right!"
"Who is he anyhow, an actor?"
“Meyer? No, he’s a gambler. He’s the man who fixed the 1919 World’s Series."
"Fixed it?"
"Fixed it."
"Well, how'd he manage that?"
"Oh... saw the opportunity, I suppose."

[Outro]
I need a hunnid bricks on them hunnid blocks
I got a hunnid drops, took a hunnid cops, uh
A hunnid blocks, I need a hunnid bricks on them hunnid blocks, uh
Decade of decadence, ill reverence, irreverence
Decade of decadence, ill reverence, irreverence
Uh, young, uh
I need a hunnid bricks on them hunnid blocks
I got a hunnid, I got a hunnid drops
Need a hunnid, got a hunnid
Got a hunnid, hunnid, uh
Hunnid, dolla, bill, real
Jay Z embodies so much of what makes New York New York. A kid from a tough neighborhood who grows up in public housing, overcomes lots of bad influences on the street, never lets go of his dream, makes it to the top — and then keeps going, pursuing new outlets for his creativity and ambition. When no one would sign him to a record contract, he created his own label and built a music empire — before going on to design clothing lines, open sports bars and, most recently, represent professional athletes. He’s an artist-entrepreneur who stands at the center of culture and commerce in 21st century America, and his influence stretches across races, religions and regions. He’s never forgotten his roots — “Empire State of Mind” was a love song to our city — and as a co-owner of the NBA Nets, he helped bring a major league sports team back to Brooklyn, not far from his old neighborhood. In nearly everything he’s tried, he’s found success. (He even put a ring on Beyoncé.) And in doing so, he’s proved that the American Dream is alive and well

- Michael Bloomberg
[Into: (Memphis Bleek)]
Ya know, it's the... ROC (bounce)
Yea I see ya, let's go... drop one
Yeah, Yo, Yo..

[Hook: (Memphis Bleek)]
1, 2 y'all, you know I rock ya
Step in the rounds of the ROC mafia
1, 2 y'all, you know I stop ya
Dirty Get Low nigga we gotcha
1, 2 y'all (y'all) uh
1, 2 y'all (y'all) uh
1, 2 y'all (y'all) uh
Yea... Yea... Yea

[Memphis Bleek]
I tote P89's on me all the time
My rhymes is serious I'm kill'em every time
While I'm... sunk in that 745.. IL
Feel like a jet when I ride (when I ride)
So I ride nigga feel me on cruise control
Game tight nigga lose your ho
I smoke... take a few pulls of the refer
Ridin under the tint doin the duece fever
Need some so I check the beeper
Before B.I.G. pasted he passed the number to Katrina
Get it right the game still remain
And I'm married to the shit, you niggas still engaged
Nothin change, twelve gauge still POP!
If you niggas wanna jump at the ROC!
You can come witcha BLOCK! If you want to
Yea Ease the same
I bet it all on dice so I could freeze the chain (now thats game)
All you hoes is a show (your truck come with a chaffeur?) Ma fa'sho
You know Ease the truth, they say sex is a weapon
You'll be dead when I shoot

[Hook: (Memphis Bleek)]
1, 2 y'all, you know I rock ya
Step in the rounds of the ROC mafia
1, 2 y'all, you know I stop ya
Dirty Get Low nigga we gotcha
1, 2 y'all (y'all) uh
1, 2 y'all (y'all) uh
1, 2 y'all (y'all) uh
Yea... Yea... Yea

[Geda K]
Yea... Yea..
It's Get Low and the ROC ain't a click out touchin'em
Doe doublin bitch niggas not discussin'em
Block tick rabbit when I'm finger fuckin'em
Fuck a vest, tell ya boys have a bullet proof truck with'em
It's Geda K the young horse, and M. Ease of course we gettin cheese
Draw we don't squeeze, and SUV's on two-fours with t.v.'s
Probably with your bitch, playin the backseat
And you know I hit it, ain't the type to chill with it
Type to get rid of and never go to the crib with her
Shit, I move according to plans and still visit... park
And still kick it and pick my niggas up
And you know we be dro smokin, toten, loc'n
Live from BR-double-O-klyn, bitch its Get Low let me know whats up
If you get it the truck get in position to fuck
I'm ghetto, Hero Flynn, hot like heroin, young pimps thoro'in
I pimp through their boroughs in
Ya better keep your chicks intact... cause I walk like a pimp, talk like a mack

[Hook: (Memphis Bleek) + *Lil' Cease*]
1, 2 y'all, you know I rock ya
Step in the rounds of the ROC mafia
1, 2 y'all, you know I stop ya
Dirty Get Low nigga we gotcha
1, 2 y'all (y'all) uh *uh huh*
1, 2 y'all (y'all) uh *Cease A Leo*
1, 2 y'all (y'all) uh
Yea... Yea... Yea

[Lil' Cease]
Aright, check it out... check it out..Uh oh..Uh oh... Yo
Code name Cease A Le, crack on the AVE
BK grimmey MC, rap wreck machine
My niggas on the scene with the machine guns, the infa-red beams
Hand gun with silencers, ride up on the side of ya
Flash this gun up in ya face like photographers (camera flash noise)
Stay in the hood with ice, ain't noboby robbin us
When it come to rappin ain't noboby stoppin us dog (Ha Haaa!)
It's ROC mafia who live as us, Jay ridin on side, B.I.G. on top of us
Get Low firing my Phillie niggas ride with us (reloading noise)
Dutch this blunt up if you wanna get high with us (puffing noise)
BK yo we reppin, I'm like cash... everywhere I'm accepted
From Marcy to Stuy, the West to the Chi
I keep it all hood till the day that I die

[Hook: (Memphis Bleek) + {Jay-Z}]
1, 2 y'all, you know I rock ya
Step in the rounds of the ROC mafia
1, 2 y'all, you know I stop ya {GET LOW!!}
Dirty Get Low nigga we gotcha
1, 2 y'all (y'all) uh {WOO!!}
1, 2 y'all (y'all) uh {WOO!!}
1, 2 y'all (y'all) uh {I'M DANCIN!}
Yea... Yea... Yea

[Jay-Z]
Uh Oh..
Raps in trouble, HOV bout to double back
And lock the streets again,ain't no policing him
Got cops on the payroll, killers on the lay low
Niggas be careful what you sayin on that radio
I nextel radio niggas have'em at the radio before you exhale nigga
The cats out the bag, but blast out the mag
Send them words back in your mouth... out ya ass
Talkin shit, all you get is cleaned the fuck up
I ain't steamed the fuck up either
Hire the team of me, myself, and I-rene
I come through and lean you fucker, I'm tryin to keep niggas from killing you
You still talkin shit to me, you not as smart as you appear to be
I got dum-dums for dumb-dumbs
I'm a right man, got a educated left hook in a right hand
Fuck like whoa, got a flow like damn
The new thug life be the Roc-A-Fella fam
No disrespect intended
But if you offended can't take it back... handle your business
I'm just statin' facts, the whole worlds against us
And we will not surrender, and we will survive
Turn out ya lights like Teddy Pender-Grass
Get ready for the coldest winter as, I proceed..

[Hook: (Memphis Bleek)]
Yea, Yo, Yo..
1, 2 y'all, you know I rock ya
Step in the rounds of the ROC mafia
1, 2 y'all, you know I stop ya
Dirty Get Low nigga we gotcha
1, 2 y'all (y'all) uh
1, 2 y'all (y'all) uh
1, 2 y'all (y'all) uh
Yea... Yea... Yea
[Beanie Sigel]
1-900-Hustler, Sigel, holla at your boy
What's the problem shorty?

[Shorty]
Yeah whattup man
I'm the only nigga from Brooklyn out here man
I'm tryin to lock the spot down, holla at me

[Beanie Sigel]
Alright; hold on - Hova, line one

[Jay-Z]
Here's a couple of suggestions of how you could finesse it
You find a dude in town, you send him a short message
Say, "Hey, I'm new in town, I don't know my way around
But I got some soft white that's sure to come back brown
I get that butter all night
Cause most niggas don't know a brick from a bite
They keep buying hard white
And if you free tomorrow night we can meet and discuss price
FYI, I never been robbed in my life"
Or -- you find a chick, shit, you hole up in her crib and
Let her introduce you 'round town like her man
Shake hands, make friends like it's all innocent
Then -- before they look up you sellin the town cook-up
Or -- gorilla pimp, come up on that killer shit
Take a nigga brick, smack him, then you sell it back to them
Still there Brooklyn?

[Shorty]
Yeah yeah that's gangsta, I think I'mma roll with that one

[Jay-Z]
Make out a check for eight hundred dollars
Jigga Man, holla {*click*, *dial tone*}

[Beans] 1-900-Hustler, Sigel, holla at your boy
[Chris] Whassup Sig? This Chris out the Young Guns dog
[Beans] Whattup?
[Chris] I'm ready to smash these niggas in the rap game
The niggas takin too long with that advance money and shit
[Beans] Yeah
[Chris] Talkin 'bout chill, chill don't pay the bills
[Beans] Yeah I feel that
[Chris] I know you well connected dog
Let me holla at somebody real
[Beans] Aight look, I got the perfect person for you, hold on
Bleek, line two

[Memphis Bleek]
Listen shorty, you wanna roll just give me the word
I ain't got time for a sentence all that shit is absurd
You find a strip first, if you don't cook find a bitch first
If you don't hustle find a nigga who pitch first
You new in town, no red and blue in town, that's gangs
Don't get fresh, let 'em know you small change
The strong move quiet, the weak start riots
We know you got a brick but sell 'em twenties til they tired
With no credit, you know you sick with that gotta eat fetish
And other niggas who gettin it - DEAD IT
Make 'em an offer that they can't refuse
He resists, box him in, til he can't be moved
Here's the rules: chop it, bag it, stash it, stack it
Get in, get out - that's a O.G.'s classic
900-Hustler, you pass it around
Wanna speak to me direct, hit extension trey-pound, I'm out
{*click*, *dial tone*}

[Beans] 1-900-Hustler, Sigel, holla at your dog
What seem to be the problem young boy?
[MDKHN] Yo whattup, this Murder Def Kill Homicide Nigga
I got two bricks
[Beans] Yo watch your fuckin mouth man
[MDKHN] Fuck you mean watch my mouth nigga?
Been on hold for about two hours nigga
[Beans] I don't give a fuck how long you been on the line;
Shut the fuck up! Matter of fact, hold on
{*click*, *classical type music plays*}
[MDKHN] I know this nigga ain't just put.. put me on hold man
This bullshit-ass elevator music
[Beans] Free, pick up line five

[Freeway]
First things first, watch what you say out your mouth
When you talkin on the phone to hus-tlers
Never play the house, think drought, keep heat in the couch
When you sittin in the presence of cus-tomers
Never hold out, pull out, throw heat and be out
If a nigga ever think that he touchin-ya
Lay low, get cake, whip all over the state
Stash dough, whip yay with, right amount of bake (ho!)
Nigga too close went right around his place (yo!)
You stoppin dough when we clutching the gas
I know you heard "Friend or Foe," this ain't different from that
Make sure you got your four-four and he can slip if he like
Young, Jon Benet daughter missin tonight and yo
Until you up stay away from them dykes and whores
Three smuts, two straights and a dyke
Cause boys want three bundles two streaks and pipe for sure
And if it's tight, then he might come back for more
Nine and four, everyday back and forth
Winter to summer, 1-900-Hustler
Pass the number til you're stackin balls
Tell you how to weigh shit wet and package more
I take cash or write the check out to F-R
Two E's, that'll be two G's
And forget my money I'm comin for all your ki's, nigga
{*click*, *dial tone*}

[Beans] 1-900-Hustler, Sigel, holla at your boy dog
[MDKHN] Yo whattup young, you put me on hold earlier man what happened
[Beans] Yeah you stupid motherfucker {MDKHN: Watch your mouth man}
You talkin all reckless on the phone
[Beans] Fuck you think this the
Get-Indicted-Hotline or somethin motherfucker?
[MDKHN] Yo, my bad man, my bad
I know I was talkin reckless earlier about them two chickens
You get it, you know, two chickens? But listen
[Beans] What?
[MDKHN] Just tell me how to move this shit man
I'm pushin hardly half a wing back nigga, holla
[Beans] Get a job, holla at Perdue!
{*click*, *dial tone*}
[Verse 1]
I'm so far ahead of my time I'm 'bout to start another life
Look behind you; I'm 'bout to pass you twice
Back to The Future, gotta slow up for the present; I'm fast
Niggas can't get past my past
How you propose a deal with the perfect present?
When I unwrap The Gift & The Curse in one session?
Ain't no living person can test him
Only two resting in Heaven can be mentioned in the same breath as him
7 straight summers; critics might not admit it
But nobody in rap did it quite like I did it;
If you did, I done it before
You get it, I had it;
I got mad at it, I don't want it no more
And that comes from everything, from flippin' that raw
Flippin' whores, flippin' vocal cords
Don't get it twisted, get it right
Did it different, did it better, did it nice
Did the impossible, and then I did it twice
Young!

[Verse 2]
Young H.O., fresh from Italy
Trip financed by my best ability
Same one helped me in extra realty
For my mom, for my nephews, a bunch of lil' me's
Flip flop by Versace, hip-hop got me here
Music made me a millionaire, yeah
Multi for what's inside of here
Inside my heart -- besides that, I'm smart
Prepare poems with a passion, at the same time cash in
Took the best of both worlds minus the madness
Though controversy follows me everywhere I dock
Everything I hear I block
Out like the jealous clouds do the sun
Then I sit back and recline since my shine has shone
And then sure nuff bust out something foreign with the doors up
Maybe the lilac Porsche
The lavender Retriever
I only bring my homies back purple reefer
I only smoke in Ibiza
In Capri, somewhere foreign that you need your visa
Yup, Hovi's home; but it's like I never left, I had the global phone
Yup, yeah I stayed in touch
I heard y'all back home complaining -- y'all complain too much
So hateful -- bunch of dudes I put on out there acting so ungrateful
But daddy's home, and he brought the forty autie-matie chrome
For all the chatty-chatty y'all been doing

[Verse 3]
While y'all was running your mouth complaining about Summer Jam
I was in flip-flops in the South of France
See how it flip-flops with the number one station for hip-hop and r&b?
You thought Summer Jam was starring you? It was starring me
Even in my absence, my presence is felt
That gotta tell you I'm the king, dog, if nothing else
I'm on another continent, you still ain't content
I'm in the Mediterranean, you still ain't vent
Explain to me why I want to be you again
You on the radio crying, I'm learning to swim
This is the 10 year anniversary of the Black Album, and its really special for me, as I'm sure it is for a lot of people. I think everyone has an album or two that defines their musical taste, and sets the path for what you'll listen to in the future. You always have an emotional connection to the music you listened to in your high school years. Its when we are the most passionate about our music choices. You didn't put your favorite passage from a book in your AIM away message, you copied and pasted your favorite line from your favorite song

Growing up in a suburb in the 90's, I wasn't exposed to early hip hop like NWA and Wu Tang right away (don't worry, I caught up). All my friends listened to rock, whether it was Green Day, Incubus, 311, stuff like that. And don't get me wrong, I LOVE what the 90's represented for rock, its probably one of the strongest decades any genre ever had. But that also meant the only Hip Hop albums I had when I was 10, 11, 12 were Big Willie Style and maybe the Dangerous Minds soundtrack. I just didn't know any better yet, call it youthful ignorance

My mom used to literally sit me down and we'd listen to albums I bought front to back with the lyrics booklet out because she didn't want me having music with swears and drug references and all that. I hated it at the time, but you have to respect it now. So because of that, Hip Hop just wasn't an option for me until I got past that age, unless I snuck a CD into the house. My little brother and I used to borrow CDs from our friends, and rip them to a cassette or my Sony MiniDisc player. Luda's Word of Mouf got confiscated from us MULTIPLE times

Because I was only listening to albums I was "allowed" to buy up to that point, I loved music, but never CONNECTED with it. It hadn't spoken to me yet, as far as me being able to relate what was going on in my life to the lyrics. Now, I'm not trying to say I grew up the same way some of these hip hop artists did, because I didn't. I have an amazing family and my dad always provided for us, but I was frustrated by how little he was around at the time, and Jay was talking about that specifically. Songs like "December 4th" showed me that hip hop was about storytelling, whereas a lot of the pop music at the time was very bubble gum and generic. It felt so real, like putting on those headphones took you to a different place, and sometimes you need that kind of escape as a teenager

The Black Album to me, aside from being probably one of the 2 or 3 greatest, if not THE greatest hip hop albums, represents a time in my life where my personality was being shaped. Everyone in high school is trying to figure out who they are, and music helps to define you, whether you like it or not. 10 years later, and "PSA" is still the most played song in my iTunes library. Did I know what "...I use to move snowflakes by the O-Z" meant at the time? Probably not. But I knew every Hov song front to back, and throughout the years, I'd hear a line and go "OHHHH that's what he meant!". Hip Hop was like watching a documentary to me, because it showed me how other kids lived in parts of the world I hadn't seen or experienced and opened my eyes and ears to other people's struggles, as well as successes

The Black Album was a Greatest Hits collection in itself.  I feel like people always downgrade newer albums in an artist's catalog, simply because "their old stuff was better". Take a step back and isolate it, and you'll find it's an all time great.  In his CRWN interview with Elliot Wilson, Hov's protege J. Cole speaks on this infatuation with an artist's early work, and how you can never top your early work in the minds of your core, longtime fans because they feel a type of ownership of it. Because they were the first out of their crew to listen to you as an artist, they will always hold the early stuff up on a pedestal.  But Jay wasn't the same person in 2003 that he was in 1996 when Reasonable Doubt came out.  He had new problems, and new stories to tell. It was marketed as his last album, because he had said he was retiring after its release. This made you savor every minute of it.  I felt like I was losing a friend, and wanted to make sure I soaked in every word, every line, so I would be satisfied at the end and could remember later in life how special it was

It may not seem like it, but Hip Hop is still so young.  We've seen so many changes happen in the culture in only a few decades, so its hard to compare different eras of Hip Hop.  But we're the first generation that embraced hip hop fully.  Our parents don't completely understand it as a genre because they only hear the drug references, or the sometimes vulgar lines about women. They don't get past that because they grew up in a time where that kind of content wasn't commonplace.  But because our generation is a little more desensitized to the language, we can listen to it and receive the message that the artist intended. Do rappers objectify women and talk about drugs? Yeah, sure. But so did the Beatles, Rolling Stones, and Hendrix. Once you pull back that top layer, Hip Hop is what music has always been and always will be... a peek into someone's soul, in the hopes that you relate, connect, and use it as a guide to find your own way through life's ups and downs. And for me, if you had to ask me what singular album helped me through some of the best and worst times in my life, it was the Black Album

Happy Anniversary Hov

"No matter where you go, you are what you are player
And you can try to change, but that's just the top layer
Man, you was who you was 'fore you got here
Only God can judge me, so I'm gone
Either love me, or leave me alone."
[Jay-Z]
No more reasonable doubt I've proven to be the illest MC
Somthing's wrong wit ya motor skills cause y'all ain't movin me
I'm who you see musically when you want it done hot
Comparin' you to me is a lesson in futility stop
I paint pictures beautifully but niggas is near sighted
Don't worry about plagiarism it'll take them years to bite it
Which the greatest fears I don't write it
It just appears outta thin air like the information obtained by a physic
Like it or not I pay dues and expect to be paid back
Why the fuck should I freestyle I'm gettin paid to rap
I sling a track laid back almost till it's a sin
Tell ya god somebody's doin a good job impersonatin' him
J-Hova spittin game from the Range Rover
What tha fuck is y'all doin in da third lane get over
Slow ya rode up I got it sewed up like a tella
Relatively easy like Jerry Heller
Cream is cherry vanilla got chicks in da telli
Belly up soundin like mayhelia tryna tell y'all
Y'all know da style burn da town
Down and change the locale I'm doin da same shit except its legit

[Hook: repeat 2X]
Got a twenty cart shorty better play that shit
You owe me twenty baby better pay that shit
Got twenty bag son better blaze that shit
They said I wasn't seeing twenty but I made dat shit

[Gotti]
Pimp Gotti get da dues in them double down
Like them kids with tips who tops down
Bricks who get money quick see me
Representin bomb city on da bill block rockin' mic's
Before they get a mill I sold pills all night
The illest outta life got my mind on fate
Cause even on tour nigga still ain't safe
I keep a tre eight on my left smoke a L for stress countin dirt bag lex
I be da X like malcom puff for now dunn east side represent wit tons of guns
You keep it real where you from
Cause where you at might put da dagger in yo back
Its like livin wit yo homey that be on crack
And fact my niggas know my styles phat like hoes in da El Dorado
My mind toatin fuck em duck em
Any thing but da main gun I don't trust em

[Hook]

[Boo]
I am the writer of the third verse and it goes:
Cool with the nigga huh, Fro main chiller
Berg shit, word shit, I splurge with scrilla
Absurd when you word spit bird shit killa
Not to be perturbed with, herb shit dilla
Can’t even feel ya for real ya tock ticking
Bust a rap or bust a cap hustla, stop flinching
You fresh off the corner calling dog shit, raw shit
Soon as he feel that soft shit he be like aww shit
Yaw broke niggas resot to glass looking
Opposites attract ass whooping
I present the black class hooker, the fat ass booker
Cripple ya staff triple ya cash hash cookers
The past ain't never the last to teach lessons
My peeps fucking up in the streets? Keep guessing
The ruger don’t be coming to preach I teach lessons
Lotta kids coming out the wrong way like c-sections
Know the Fro goin flow even if I’m cross shores
Fuck weed cop coke cause the shit cost more
Thats why niggas say i floss too much but
When I take it off and such they say I lost my touch
But bitches like the money I wear, its funny how they stare
Dumb bunnies with their cunning little glare
Shorty let me see the tail if it’s really that shitting
She hit me with a feline (fee-line) a young cat, kitten
My boy hit that shit, now everybody splitting
Even holding snowballs and I ain’t talking bout mittens

[Hook]
Psychologists have said it takes 21 days to make or break a habit. On the 22nd day, you’ve found the way.

On December 3rd, one day before my 44th birthday I will embark on a 22 Days challenge to go completely vegan, or as I prefer to call it, plant-based!! This all began a few months back when a good friend and vegan challenged me to embrace a “plant-based breakfast” everyday. It was surprisingly easier on me than I thought…

Why now? There’s something spiritual to me about it being my 44th birthday and the serendipity behind the number of days in this challenge; 22 (2+2=4) coupled with the fact that the challenge ends on Christmas day…It just feels right!

So you can call it a spiritual and physical cleanse. I will post my progress… Any professional vegans out there that have any great food spots please help out! Please ha. I don’t know what happens after Christmas. A semi-vegan, a full plant-based diet? Or just a spiritual and physical challenge? We’ll see…

Best of luck and health!

P.S. B is also joining me.

I will let my friend Marco explain the benefits of a plant based diet here.
Yo wassup everybody, this is Maria Davies, mad Wednesdays, we here tonight to have a good time ("Yo! Start the show! Start the show!")
Wait a minute; I see my man over there Jay Z
Jay Z, Dame Dash let me hear that lil tape of yours, and it's fat
Why don't you come up here and kick a lil freestyle
Put that champagne down, and kick a lil freestyle for me tonight

Can I kick it? (Yes you can!)
Y'all motherfuckers must've heard that Tribe Called Quest shit
Let's do it again!
Can I kick it? (Yes you can!)
Well I'm gone... check this out

[Verse 1: Jay-Z]
Too much West coast dick licking, and too many niggas on a mission
Doing your best Jay Z rendition
Too many rough motherfuckers, I got my suspicions
That you're just fish in a pool of sharks nigga, listen
Too many bitches wanna be ladies, so if you a ho
I'm a call you a ho, too many bitches are shady
Too many ladies give these niggas too many chances
Too many brothers wannabe lovers don't know what romance is
Too many bitches stuck up from too many sexual advances
No question; Jay-Z got too many answers
I been around this block too many times
Rocked too many rhymes, cocked too many nines, too
To all my brothers it ain't too late to come together
Cause too much black and too much love, equal forever
I don't follow any guidelines cause too many niggas ride mine
So I change styles every two rhymes

Hah, what the fuck
That's 22 two's for y'all motherfuckers out there, nahmean?
Shall I continue? Check it out, what?

Can I kick it? (Yes you can!) *repeat 3X*
Well I'm gone... yo, yo, yo

[Verse 2: Jay-Z]
Copped to reach my quota, push rock, roll up smooth like on ya
Whole groove like hold-up, swoll up
Too many faggot niggas clocking my spending
Exercising your gate-like minds like Richard Simmons
If you could catch Jay right, on the late night
Without the eight, right, maybe you could test my weight, right
I dip, spit quicker than you ever seen
Administer pain, next the minister's screaming your name
At your wake as I peek in, look in your casket
Feeling sarcastic, "Look at him, still sleeping"
You never ready, forever petty minds stay petty
Mine's thinking longevity until I'm seventy
Living heavenly, fuck, felony after felony, what?
Nigga you broke, what the fuck you going to tell me?

[Outro]
Jay-Z, Jay-Z, now you know this is a fat track (aight)
Now this is comin on your new album, on Roc-A-Fella records in ninety-six?
(No doubt, no doubt)
Well, it is definitely the bomb! But you know I do wanna say somethin to you, I know you've been havin a lot of problems with the law
But I know you innocent, and I'm behind you 100%. Mad Wednesdays, Ruby King, DJ Ace, Dame Dash, Roc-A-Fella Records, we all behind you, you can come back any time!
(Hah, thanks a lot)
Wait a minute wait a minute wait a minute wait a minute, Ace, turn that music down. I smell some reefer, now you see? That's why, our people don't have anything, because we don't know how to go in places and act properly
("Hey shut the fuck up!")
Wait a minute wait a minute who told me shut the eff up? Who told me to shut the eff up? Get him out of here! I'm not gonna continue this show, until you throw him out! Get him out right now, then I'ma continue my speech!
Thank you, he's out of here now, now like I was sayin'... we gotta build our own business, we gotta get our own record companies goin like Roc-A-Fella Records...
Uhh, yeah, uh-uhh-uh
Uh-huh, uh-uh-uhh, uhh, uhh
I ain't tryin to be RUDE DUDE
But give a nigga some space
I ain't tryin to be rude dude
Just, give a nigga some space
Just tryin to talk honey dog
I ain't got time to waste (check it)

[Verse 1-Jay-Z]
Why is you over here lookin' at me
While all these girls up in here?
What you gay? Nigga Jay straight like indian hair
Y'all don't want me to spray the semi in here
I mean if you a fan I consider you fam'
But shake a nigga hand, but shit god damn
All that ("Do you remember me dawg?") Nah I'm drawin a blank
You got me feelin like a fish, in a fish tank
Just think, if you came to a club
Tryin to find a little hon for some one-night love
'Stead you got another nigga all up in your mug
You make me uncomfortable thug, go thatta-way!
And kill the ice grill homes
Cause I keep enough heat to melt THAT away
I came in some sweats, I came to get met
Tryin to find a chick that make it hard for me to "next!"
We exit stage left, hope in the Lexus
Treat me like a baby, mouth on her breast-es
.. may I suggest that it's
A lot of long-legged chicks in short-ass dresses
.. go find you one
Go get your dance on, go grind on one, damn
.. go find you one
Go get your dance on, go grind on one

[Hook]
Quick question - yo, why you over here?
So many hoes in here
My office hours 9 to 5, whyon'tcha call me there
It's so many hoes in here
I ain't tryin to be rude dude, whyon'tcha dissapear?
There's so many hoes in here
I understand you got issues but I really don't care
There's so many hoes in here

[Jay-Z]
Yea yea yea I know you rap and your sister spit too
You been callin the office and you can't get through
I understand all that, but now ain't the time
I came to the club to get that off my mind
And all you thugs with your war stories startin to bore me
I ain't tryin to hear about your guts and glory
I'm tryin to hear B.I.G. and some cuts from Nore
And you keep talkin over the beat like Clue ("Do you remember?")
.. go find somethin to do
You're a janitor, go find somethin to screw
Disappear like Copperfield, go cop a feel
Play hide and seek witchaself for real, huh
The chick came dressed up just to get messed up
She got her hair done, just to get it sweated up
Shit I'm tryin to help her out
Whyon'tcha help me out and be out?

[Hook]

[Jay-Z]
Jeah, jeah, jeah

[Timbaland: repeat 3X]
You're invadin my space
You need to, be easy, ahh

You're invadin my space
C'mon dawg, be easy, ahh

[Timbaland]
Uh-uh, I don't know why they do that
Heh, I don't understand
Heh, what you need to do, is..

[Timbaland: repeat 3X]
Stop spittin in my face and go talk to them hoes in here

C'mon dawg, stop spittin in my face and go talk to them hoes in here
Be easy
[Intro: Jay-Z]
You ain't got enough stamps in ya passport to fuck with Young H-O
(heh-heh-heh)
International . . . uhh
Show young boys how to do this thing
The maturation of Jay-Z-Z . . heh
Check me out

[Verse 1: Jay-Z]
30's the new 20 nigga I'm so hot still (Uhh)
Better broad, better auto mobile (Uhh)
Bet a yard (Naw!) Bet a hundred mil
That by the songs end I'll probably start another trend
I know everything you wann' do
I did all that by the age of twenty-one
By twenty-two, I had that brand new Ac' coupe
I guess you could say that my legend just begun, I'm
Young enough to know the right car to buy
Yet grown enough not to put rims on it
I got that six-deuce with curtains, so you can't see me
And I didn't even have to put tints on it
I don't got the bright watch, I got the right watch
I don't buy out the bar, I bought the nightspot
I got the right stock, I got
Stockbrokers that's movin' it like white tops
I know you're like "FUCK! This is child abuse, call DYFS!"
I must just be getting nicer
You young boys ain't ready for real
30's the new 20 nigga, I'm so hot still

[Hook 1: Jay-Z]
I used to let my pants sag, not givin' a fuck
Baby boy, now I'm all grown up
I used to cruise the used car lot, put chrome on the truck
Baby boy, now I'm all grown up
I used to play the block like that (like that)
I used to carry knots like that (like that)
Now I got Black cards, good credit and such
Baby boy cause I'm all grown up

[Verse 2: Jay-Z]
30's the new 20 nigga, I'm on fire still
These young boys is like fire drills (Uhh)
False alarms (Uhh), the next don (Naw)
He ain't got it (Uhh), on to the next one (Young)
Still here (Yeah), still here like Mike
Gotta stop playin' with these children (Chea)
I'm a bully with the bucks (boots)
Don't let the patent leather shoes fool you youngin'
I got the fully in the tux
That was my past, now I'm so grown up
I don't got one gun on me
Gotta a sum on me to hire a gun army, get ya spun like laundry
And I'll be somewhere under palm trees, calmly listenin' to R&B
When we get the call he's, no longer with us, fire ya babysitters
You little fucks fall back for real
30's the new 20 nigga, I'm so hot still

[Hook 2: Jay-Z]
I used to let my pants sag, not givin' a fuck
Baby boy, now I'm all grown up
I used to cruise the used car lot, put chrome on the truck
Baby boy, now I'm all grown up
I used to wear my hoodie like that (like that)
Five deep in a hooptie like that (like that)
Now I got Black cards, good credit and such
Baby boy cause I'm all grown up

[Verse 3: Jay-Z]
(heh-heh-heh)
Ya'll roll blunts, I smoke Cubans all day
Ya'll youngin's chase, I'm Patronin' it straight
I like South Beach, but I'm in St. Tropez
Ya'll drink Dom, but not Rose (hey)
Ya chick shop at the mall
My chick burnin' down Bergdorf's
Comin' back with Birkin bags
Ya chick is like, "What type of purse is that?"
I'm from the era where niggas don't snitch
You from the era where snitchin' is the shit
I'm afraid of the future (why?)
Ya'll respect the one who got shot, I respect the shooter
Ya'll go to parties to ice grill
I go to parties to party with nice girls
Young boys gotta chill
30's the new 20 nigga, I'm so hot still

[Hook 3: Jay-Z]
I used to let my pants sag, not givin' a fuck
Baby boy, now I'm all grown up
I used to cruise the used car lot, put chrome on the truck
Baby boy, now I'm all grown up
Ya, we used to ball like that (like that)
Now we own the ball team, holla back (holla back)
Now I got Black cards, good credit and such
Baby boy cause I'm all grown up
Jay-Z: You ain’t got enough stamps in your passport to fuck with Young H.O
Ice Cube: Dada Dada
Jay-Z: International
Ice Cube: Papa Dock
Ice Cube: What up Jay
Jay-Z: Show young boys how to do this thing
Ice Cube: You know me, Ice Cube, I'm like a Glock nigga, I always got a hot sixteen, knamean

[Verse 1: Andre 3000]
I was a young lad of seventeen
My life had yet to show its ugly face
Only a pretty façade, hey God it's me
Remember three, thousand
The one who used to pray to be a rapper
My child's in the third grade
His favorite rapper wasn't rapping till he heard me
I wasn't rapping till I heard something called Erik B
And Rakim's Paid in Full
Rapper's really gettin' paid in full
So full that the kid's dont go to school in hopes of becomin' one of us
The only requirement is your bus
Now college is lookin' slim, product is hookin' them
Before their brains fully develop they get enveloped by the the vision tele
The television tells them their vision
Now it's hard for them to make decisions with out feelin'
Uncooled, unschooled, thumb rule
Rule of thumb, can't be dumb
I wish I would've studied abroad
Well I studied a broad and she studied me back
And my course was hard
That was that, this is this, listen up
Cause all I'm saying is
If thirty's the new twenty, thirty's the new twenty for them wheels as well
They lookin' for the mic or some pills to sell
While the girls are steady graduatin'
Nigga's standin' on the corner hatin', debatin'
Well should I get the new J's or the Kobe's
And they rollin' so they wide awake for four days
Ha, I'm a G-entleman, let's get re-aquainted
I am Andre Benjamin

[Hook: Jay-Z]
I used to let my pants sag, not givin’ a fuck
Baby boy, now I’m all grown up
I used to cruise the used car lot, put chrome on the truck
Baby boy, now I’m all grown up
I used to play the block like that
I used to carry knots like that
Now I got black cards, good credit and such
Baby boy, cause I’m all grown up, ha

[Verse 2: Jay-Z]
Ya’ll roll blunts, I smoke Cubans all day
Ya’ll young’uns chase, I’m Patron' it straight
I like South Beach but I’m in St. Tropez
Ya’ll drink Dom, but not Rose’
Hey, ya chick shop at the mall
My chick burning down Bergdorf’s
Comin' back with Birkin bags
Your chick is like, what type of purse is that
I’m from the era when niggas don’t snitch
You from the era where snitchin' is the shit
I’m afraid of the future
Ya’ll respect the one who got shot, I respect the shooter
Ya’ll go to parties to ice grill
I go to parties to party with nice girls
Young boys gotta chill, thirty’s the new twenty, nigga I’m so hot still

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Ice Cube]
Jay-Z, what can a young motherfucka tell me
About the LAPD, about the air that we breathe
Nothin', nada, zero, zilch
I want tits for fun, you want tits for milk
I'm all leather and silk, your fuckin' t-shirt look like a quilt
Playground king, climb the monkey bars that I built
Thirty's the new twenty, Phantom's the new Bentley
Nigga, dont tempt me, I'll bury you up in Tempe
And if I catch a ghost rider, tie him to a tree, gasoline like the lighter
Burn, you motherfuckin' fighta, treat you like George Bush treat Al-Qaeda
This is Guantanamo, think I'm a ho, I made the honor roll, mixed with Geronimo
Before this mic will pass, learn how to wipe your nose before you wipe your ass

[Hook]
[Produced by Jake One]

[Intro: Dr. Dre]
Yeah, classic hip hop shit
Dr. D-R-E, Rozay and Jay, let's get 'em

[Verse 1: Dr. Dre]
We started out mopping floors
And now we front row at the awards
Number one for the last twenty years
If you real, mothafucka scream cheers!
Mothafucka scream cheers!
Heh, and it is what it is
He wanted to shine at the swap meet
Til the white boys got him in that hot seat
I only love it when her hair long
You should listen to this beat through my headphones
Money long, number one twenty years strong
Fuck a gym, I am him, I'm Andre Young
G5эs to 64эs, Dre got 'em
If the bitch bad I got her in red bottoms
Great weed, nice homes, bread proper
Tec nine, one chamber, top shotta
Bentley coupe, new yacht, my helicopter
Born broke, real nigga straight out of Compton
The fuck you magazine niggas want from me?
I rewrote the game, nigga, now talk money
All black on my Al Capone shit
I built a house, nigga get your own shit
I only love it when her hair long
You should listen to this beat through my headphones

[Interlude: Rick Ross]
See y'all niggas
Hit the switches on that shit one time, ugh
Let the top down

[Verse 2: Rick Ross]
I came a long way from the weed game
Twenty stack seats at the Heat game
And I'm still strapped with the heat man
Can't be steppin' on a nigga feet man
80 pair of sneakers came from the D game
Cousin was a Crip, said it was a C thing
Brown bag money in a duffle bag
Fuck 'em all, wet 'em and we gotta double back
The homie whippin' chickens in his momma kitchen
On the mission, said he get it for his son tuition
Real nigga's dreams comin' to fruition
Stumble, but I never fall, leanin' on my pistol
I only love it when the ass fat
We should listen to this track in my Maybach
I'm just tryin' to be a billionaire
Come and suck a dick for a millionaire

[Interlude: Jay-Z]
Uh, it's just different
I know it feels different

[Verse 3: Jay-Z]
Uh, I only love her if her eyes brown
Play this shit while you play around with my crown
King H-O, y'all should know by now
But if you don't know, uh
Millions on the wall in all my rooms
Niggas couldn't fuck with my daughter's room
Niggas couldn't walk in my daughter's socks
Banksy bitches, Basquiat
I ran through that buck fifty Live Nation fronted me
They workin' on another deal, they talkin' two hundred fifty
I'm holdin' out for three
Two seventy five and I just might agree
Ex-D-boy, used to park my Beamer
Now look at me, I can park in my own arena
I only love her if her weave new
I'm still a hood nigga, what you want me to do?
Been hoppin' out the BM with your BM
Taking her places that you can't go with your per diem
Screamin' carpe diem until I'm a dead poet
Robin Williams shit, I deserve a golden globe bitch!
I take a Ace in the meanwhile
You ain't gotta keep this Khaled, it's just a freestyle
Fuck rap money, I've made more off grapes
Fuck show money, I spent that on drapes
Close the curtains, fuck boy, out my face
I whip the coke, let the lawyer beat the case
Murder was the case that they gave me
I killed the Hermes store, somebody save me
Stuntin' to the max like wavy, oh shit!
Oh, stuntin' to the max, I'm so wavy
Used to shop at TJ Maxx back in '83
I don't even know if it was open then
I ain't know Oprah then
Have the XL 80 bike
Loud motor, they be like, "Damn!" when I'm comin' through, rrraaanngg
Had the grill in '88, y'all niggas is late
You got all that, right?
I love this shit like my own daughter
Let's spray these niggas, baby, just like daddy taught ya
Young, this is just different
[Jay-Z]
Can I kick it?
Yes you can
Can I kick it?
Yes you can
Can I kick it?
Yes you can

(I'm kinda lovin that)

Can I kick it?
Yes you can
Can I kick it?
Yes you can
Can I kick it?
Yes you can

Rocafella forever Hov for life
Debuts a classic first album four mics
Shoulda gotta five but niggas lack foresight
But I don't giva fuck I ain't do it for the hype
I do it for the hustlas for the ghetto for their plight
For the struggle for those who bubble white
For fly four by fours, roofless cars, flawless ice
For the pain for y'all to know what its like
For every time it rains 40 days and 40 nights
For every promise made that never saw the light
I'll get my own forty acres give me four nights
Four o's a Glock forty for the jackers and I'm Spike
Or the four four will suffice
A fourteen year old to look out for the vice
You can sit back and just wait for the flight
Boy will take off like I've been strippin all my life
That's the type of metaphors I write
That let niggas know I was real before the mic
Four front rows had the fur at the fight
No PETA on my Peter -- left some room for the divas
In the suite we'll meet up if you wild for the night
On the rampage champagne pours on the floor
For all those who ain't make it here and lost they life
Wouldn't forget yall for any price
Not for no hoes not for no ice
Not for no fame nor for bright lights
So I'mma end this here real mean but I'm right
Forty Four Fours motherfucker, I'm NICE
[Verse 1: Lil' Fame]
4/9/75
Raised on a strip called here Brotha Hill
Where guns pop and cops get killed
This is the place where paranoia
Destroyin' niggas, catch cases mo' try to flash they lawyers
We're losin' it
Four fives and nines we be movin' with
Caught up in the things that the street game confused you with
We're provin' it
Let it be known if retaliation
Home-skillet - it's on
That rap nigga, bust a cap nigga, flat nigga
Open up your back, nigga -- Rosewood black nigga
First Family gon' brawl
It's President's resident, and I'm the first dog
You know the M.O.P status
In the history of crime and rap we some of the baddest
Word to the mommy, any fool try me
Get hit wit the lami, fuck Giuliani

[Hook: Teflon and Lil' Fame]
It's a 4 alarm blaze
Everybody post up next to the stage
Come on
You're all welcome to hell's roadway
First family style
Buck ass wild
What ya say

[Verse 2: Billy Danze]
Get ya man on the jack soldier, grip your mac soldier
FIRST FAMILY - we're back soldier
And we have swam through the Brownsville sewers
The last on the line of our kind crime doers
Berkowitz, mob style
Spit fire from my hammer like I wasn't God's child
Crucify me - but don't deny me
Or get slit bitch you couldn't slip nothin' by me
Try me and I'll pop shots like I'm supposed to
I'm from the field where the covers are unnoticable
I've noticed a few niggas wantin' my head
Used my smarts and my secret all are firin' lead (Fire ya lead)
With all intentions of droppin' a body
I'm usually nervous so I'm flinchin' when I enter the party
THE BROWNSVILLE NECTAR
That bullshit
Just when you thought it was safe I flipped and hit 'em wit more shit

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Teflon]
Introducing the best kept secret
It's no sweet shit I sleep wit Green Beret
Blaze enemies frequent
I speak wit authority
(Black) Perhaps through four to be
Cap quarterly blazed till it's quiet and orderly
The gunsmoke make son soak
The smoke run through the barrel until the gun choke
Raised cold-hearted and deadly
Survive wit a nickel-plated tool and jewels old-timer done fed me
Keep my grip steady
Squeeze till they drop off
Make sure all other guns are popped off as heavy
Blowin some high-tech shit
Through your projects
Makin' whatever was in my way easy to di-tect
I wrecks guys
Over money gone Saratoga son be in a Columbian necktie
We don't respects by
Half-ass niggas
Blast niggas
Gas niggas who won't blast
The sect die

[Bridge]
Just when you thought it was safe
The mashed out posse hit you off wit another taste
Uh (Uh) Uh (Uh) Uh (Uh ) Uh (Uh)
Yeah (Yeah) Yeah (Yeah) Yeah (Yeah) Yeah (Yeah)

[Verse 4: Jay-Z]
Yeah, uh-huh, what the fuck
Too ass quick for bastards to step to
Leave wounds too drastic for rescue
When I rock jewels, it ain't to impress you
What the fuck niggas commentin on my shit fo'
I'm real - how you think I got rich, ho?
Pack steel - ain't afraid to let a clip go
I got enough paper to get low
Come back when the shit blow over get the dough over
Huh wit the Rover snatch the gat from the clip holder
Rip through ya shoulder bitch it's Jay-hovah
I'm too right wit it, too tight wit it
You light witted but if you're feel ya nice nigga spit it
Who am I?
Jay-Z, motherfucker
Do or die
In Brownsville, motherfucker
Blocka, rocka, M.O.P collabo
Front on us and gats blow ya know?

[Hook]
[Verse 1: Memphis Bleek]
Ayo, this time it's for my family, we ride or die
It's in the blood til the death, now aim for the sky
My four blow fo sure, for dough, for only
It's money, drugs, and hot slugs
You know Bleek squeeze hammers til they nail me
Fuck wha niggas tell me
Street scholar, keep firing is what they tell me
Drug chemist, thug nigga be named Memphis
Straight from da borough of dem B.K. niggas
Where we rob for the fun of it, hustle for the drug of it
Wrap money in rubber bands, just for the love of it
Straight from my ghetto, we listen to heavy metal like
Desert Eagles, street sweepers, loud metal
It's hit and run now, motherfuck anyone of you
We dem niggas be in ya crib just like furniture
Pop up wit the gun in ya
Release one for zero-zero M (Yeah)
Bleek-R-O-C (Yeah yeah) dot com (Yeah)

[Verse 2: Beanie Sigel]
This Philly cat back at it
Still throwing crack at it
Still fucking wit them crack addicts
Still bust 'em wit them black 'matics
It's ain't the bucks, it's the rush
You trying to get my ass at it
They say I think ass backwards
Fuck how I act, as long as I stack, it's all mathematics
Our tracks nice, hug the block to track dice
Late night, club night, Mac attract dikes
I pull up, Cadillac truck nice
Two guns, you know Mac pack gat twice
Gets that crack back with that ice
No joke wit the coke, I whips that right
No doubt, never a droubt, gets that price (Uh)
It gets that nice, when you live that life
Papi knows yours name and you ditched that wife nigga
Gets that green nigga, gets that chain nigga

[Amil]
I get forty G's a feature now
Hold Franklins like a Aretha now
In the SL two seater now
And I'm in nothing but diamonds
I'm the illest female that you heard thus far
Five-five with the thirty-four B-cup bra
I don't fuck with them cats who ain't up to par
I get niggas for cash, clothes, jeweleries, plus cars
I'm talking rent money, I'm talking bank money
I'm talking Martha Keats step of wit the rent money
Moving on up, two in the sauna
Still ride through the block, pull up on the corner, plus
Plus, give me an inch so I can take a mile
I bring life like a new born naked child
Bitches trying to come up, gotta wait a while
As of now, Amil-lion just played ya style
(You dealing wit), nigga

[Jay-Z]
The, the Roc, the the, the Roc
(Let me talk to ya'll niggas real quick)
The, the Roc, uh uh, the Roc

Yo, y'all niggas truly ain't ready for this "Dynasty" thing
Y'all thinking Blake Carrington, I'm thinkin more like Ming
I got four nephews, and they all writing
They all young and wild, plus they all like things
And I'm having a child, which is more frighting
What y'all about to witness is big business kid
Big bosses, cocky, and big Benzsesses
Come through flossing them shiny rims it is
And "loss" don't pop up in their sentences
I think you understand what type of event this is
I don't think you know how focused young Memphis is
Or how Sigel's so real, when you add on Amil
This is much more than rap, it's black entrepreneur
Clothing, movie, and films, we come to conquer it all
Rocawear, eighty mill in like, eighteen months
You could bullshit with rap if you want, motherfuckers
When it's all said and done, we gon see what's what
Holla at Hov, I'll be in the cut (What, huh)

The, the Roc, the the, the Roc
The, the Roc, the uh, the Roc (You rollin wit)
The Roc, dynasty niggas (Whoop)
Uh-huh, get'cha mind right, c'mon
Roc-A-Fella Records, 2000 nigga
Get'cha mind right, holla
[Blake C]
What you sayin'?
Roc-A-Fella (uh huh)
Gener-al (uh huh)
B.I.G. (right on)
QB (that show-nuff right on)
Fuck niggas wanna do, man (nothing)
See, Cease A Leo (huh)
I'm for the kids (right)
Sometimes we gotta get gutter on this motherfuckers, y'know
It's how we do it (yeah)
Feel me baby?

Yo, yo, stay away from 38, tech-nines and shotty
I wanna move swift, but don't blow like John Gotty
I'm something to watch, like the paparazzi
Hard to copy, shock waves can't stop me
Got dogs big as Bruce Smith to block me
It's Blake on the grape, pouring ya juice, tickle your weight
Just might be, politely, leave your man to ache
The guns are dirty? You know I double check the safe
I take it all, still be the last to escape
Kick it like Q-Tip, we get it killed for a few chips
Got a new whip, new house, got a new zip code
Watch the stroll, little Ace
A soldier that was born to roll
I love God and you know I got soul
To sell around the globe and more Bank than Tower
Dime just rewind-a, it was hard to find her
Found out my niggas got right behind her

(Overlappin last line)
[Mr. Bristal]
Y'all niggas got dick bricks, scared to grab the fifth
But I done did that, recognize the clique
Back round six-four times, fellas and shit
Make mils off the stories that we tellin' and shit
'Til I said to myself "My life is betta than this"
I wanna party, live it up, pop Don and Cris
In a lake with a waterproof on my wrist
Been a professional, now I'm starting to mix
We rhyme to kick tricks, for kids, I bring it where ya live
Run up in your crib, tie up your wife and kids
Send my man out, G, pissed off a ten-year bid
We live this real street life
And that's word to B.I.G. (uh)
I'm the type to analyze ya (what)
Move swift like Kaiser (uh)
My appearance suprise ya (yeah)
About 5'4", my .45 is live (uh, uh)
Don't ya get live? Never judge your man by size (uh, yo)

[Hook]
I'mma do my thang, I'mma do my thang
Do I do my thang, I'mma do my thang
Watch me do my thang, I'mma do my thang
For my niggas, do my thang, I'mma do my thang
Uh, do my thang, I'mma do my thang
Do I do my thang, I'mma do my thang
Watch me do my thang, I'mma do my thang
For my niggas, Brooklyn

[Lil' Cease]
Yo, yo, yo, yo
This my war I ride for lick one in the sky for
Get back everything that my nigga die for
Since his death, many steps and many left
Niggas owe money, yo, niggas can't pay a penny less
Cease got the squeeze, I'mma let these fuckers know
BK style, my niggas Love BK style, my niggas Love the Dough
About six hard years, eleven months ago
We was all puffin' 'dro, nowhere to go
Now I get dough, get low, let a slug blow
Cops say "Got evidence?" Let the dog go
Here's the answer, you fucking with Leo Ganza
Nigga's coke so raw, you gon need a sampler
Niggas better be as wise as me or die like me
Or go see the board then and frown like me
Got niggas takin' pictures throwin' pies on me
Motherfuckers' All Eyez On Me
Whatever happened to Brook-lawn?
Better yet, Crook-lawn?
Niggas even look wrong, niggas get hooked on
Picture me making a shook song
No, I know the wars we took on
Niggas better get gone

[Jay Z]
Yeah, flow sicker on every record
Watch Sean, Glock nine, nigga, heavy necklace
Watch mine, about to make niggas very jealous
Ice in every letter, untouchable, can't fuck with duke
Thug spit, arms shake, who I'm gon play
With the CEO of the coke on Broadway, huh?
Never heard so many choices from one man
I make bitches, fuck it, I make the gun jam
Flows like sniffin' a hundred grams o'
Cocaine raw, rip your whole brain off, uh
Make it real easy to lift your chain off
BK style (what), see Jay how (uh)
We don't play fair, we play foul
Go head, stand there, we spray crowds
Live from the 7-1-8
If there ever was one great
I'm him, nigga, times three

[Hook to end]
Throughout his career, Jay Z has channeled the energy of multiple artists, athletes, and pioneers to create his music. Below are 50 people that he said he was (ordered by album and lyrics.)
Reasonable Doubt1. Errol Flynn: Cashmere Thoughts

“Ghetto’s Errol Flynn, hot like heroin”

2. Robert De Niro: Bring it On

"Mannerisms of a young Bobby DeNiro, spent Spanish wisdoms"

---
In My Lifetime Vol.1



3. The Fonz: Streets Is Talking

“I just — flip and, pop my collar like the Fonz”

4. Tiger Woods: Who You Wit II

“I sink this ball in your hole, I’m Tiger Woods”

---
Vol. 2… Hard Knock Life5. Brett Favre: Paper Chase

“More arms than Green Bay’s Brett Favre for ya”

6. Latrell Sprewell: It’s Alright

“On the Jew-els I blew more money than Latrell, who else?”

---
Vol. 3… Life and Times of S. Carter

7. Oprah: S.Carter

“Hustler, nigga move weight like Oprah”

8. Noah: It’s Hot (Some Like It Hot)

“Hovah’s like Noah keep two in the truck”

9. Bobby Bucher: Come and Get Me

“Round the way, niggas called me Bobby Boucher”

10. Kevin Bacon: Hova’s Song

“There’s “Seven Degrees of Separation” and I’m Kevin Bacon”

---
The Dynasty: Roc La Familia

11. Stevie Wonder: Intro

“I’m Stevie Wonder with, beads under the doo-rag”

12. Johnnie Cochran: Guilty Until Proven Innocent

“Just like Cochran, cocksuckers you never see me boxed in”

13. Billy Blanks: Breathe Easy

“The ghetto’s Billy Blanks”

14. Alex Rodriguez: All I Need

“Shut ya bumba' got A-Rod numbers”

15. Randall Cunningham: Heart of the City(Ain’t No Love)

“I scramble like Randall with his Cunningham but the only thing running is numbers fam”

16. Magic Johnson: Hola Holvito

“If you haven’t heard, I’m Michael, Magic and Bird”

17. Miss Cleo: The Rulers Back

“I could predict the future like Cleo the psychic”

18. Right Said Fred: The Rulers Back
“I’m too sexy for jail like I’m Right Said Fred”

---
The Blueprint 2: The Gift & The Curse

19. Kordell Stewart: Hovi Baby

“Rapper slash exec, Kordell Stewart”

20. David Copperfield: 2 Many Hoes

“Disappear like Copperfield, go cop a feel”

21. Glenn Robinson: Blueprint 2

“I’m Big Dog, Glenn Rob, listen God you a flea”

22. Michelangelo: Guns n’ Roses

“The Michelangelo of flow I paint pictures with poems”

23. Ralph Lauren: Guns n’ Roses

“Roc-a-wear I’m the young black Ralph Lauren”

24. Michael Corleone: Guns n’ Roses

“Every time I get out they put me right back in. The Michael Corleone of the microphone”

25. Ichiro: All Around The World

“Konichiwa ladies when I’m out in Japan. I’m a Tokyo Giant like Ichiro, I am”

26. Rembrandt: What They Gonna Do Part II

“All sorts of flow, Rembrandt, Rilkey”

---
Notorious Soundtrack27. Branch Rickey: Brooklyn Go Hard

“Now when I bring the Nets, I'm the black Branch Rickey”

---
The Black Album

28. Marvin Gaye: Dirt Off Your Shoulder

I’m like a young Marvin in his hey'

29. Che Guevara: Public Service Announcement

“I’m like Che Guevara with bling on, I’m complex”

30. Warren Buffet: Threat

“You lookin at the black Warren Buffett so all critics can duck sic”

31. Martha Stewart: What More Can I Say

“The Martha Stewart that’s far from Jewish”

32. Grateful Dead: Encore

“I’m young H.O., rap’s Grateful Dead”

33. Hakeem Olajuwon: My 1st Song

“Had to had to get these chips. Had to make moves like Olajuwon”

34. Michael Schumacher: Justify My Thug

“I am the Michael Schumacher of the Roc roster”

35. Joe Pesci: Threat

“I’m especially Joe Pesci wit it, friend”

36. Halle Berry: Threat

“But catch me down the Westside, drivin like Halle Berry”

---
Kingdom Come37. Flash Gordon:  Kingdom Come

“Flash Gordon when recording, spark the light in the dark”

38. Superman: Kingdom Come

“Step inside the booth Superman is alive”

39. Heidi Klum: Beach Chair

“In great shape like Heidi Klum, Maricón, I am on”

40. Spiderman: Kingdom Come

“Peter Park, Spiderman, all I do is climb the charts”

---
American Gangster






41. Frank Lucas: No hook

“Compare me to trappers, I’m more Frank Lucas than Ludacris”

42. Al Pacino: Party Life

“Sippin on my pinot got me cooler than Pacino”

---

The Blueprint 3





43. Cesar: Run This Town

“You can call me Caesar. In a dark Czar”

44. Sinatra: Empire State Of Mind

“I’m the new Sinatra And since I made it here”

45. Bridget Fonda: Already Home

“Seen Single White Female when she dyed her hair blonde?”

---

Magna Carta Holy Grail











46. Kurt Kobain: Holy Grail

“I know nobody to blame, Kurt Cobain, I did it to myself”

47. Leonardo da Vinci: Picasso Baby

“Leonardo Da Vinci flows”

48. Jean-Michel Basquiat:  Picasso Baby

“It ain’t hard to tell, I’m the new Jean Michel”

49. Muhammad Ali: F.U.T.W.

“I feel like mothafuckin' Cassius Clay right now, Genius!”

50. Pablo Picasso: Picasso Baby

“For you to see, I’m the modern day Pablo, Picasso baby”
[Verse 1: Big L]
Yo, I got slugs for snitches, no love for bitches
Putting thugs in ditches when my trigger finger itches
I got a rep that make police jet, known to get a priest wet
I never beg for pussy like Keith Sweat
Is Big L slow, hell no
Bitches get fucked on the roof when I ain't got no hotel dough
I'm known for yokin' Japs and beating em with smoking gats
Leaving token Blacks with broken backs and open caps
So with that bullshit, step to the rear son
The last thing you want with Big L is a fair one
Cause in a street brawl I strike men like lightning
You seen what happened in my last fight friend, aight then
I beat kids with lead pipes, I leave trails of dead mic's
Where I'm from, niggas jewels get ran like red lights
Old folks get mugged and raided
Crimes are drug related
And we live by the street rules that thugs created
Clowns get smoked about a thousand volts
For selling pounds of coke
Front in this town and get a tech stuck down your throat
I'm telling you shit is about to get drastic soon
I'm quick to blast a goon and break a mothafucker like a plastic spoon
I got the looks that make your hotty stare
I keep a shotty near, it's that nigga with notty hair who Gotti fear
Tracks I'm known to roast until the microphone is ghost
Props I own the most, I'm leaving niggas comatose
Front and get your brain pinched
Big L will have your whole gang lynched
I started smoking dust and been insane since
This rap shit was a great gift
The other night some snake riffed and got a hot lead facelift
All through high school I had braids; I kept mad blades
Stabbing teachers to death that gave me bad grades
I cook the mic like a beef steak, cause my technique's great
And I'm the nigga police hate in each state
Cause I'm the neighborhood lamper, punk brother vamper
Fuck around, you'll find my silk boxers in your mother's hamper
Cops drop when my Glock makes a pow sound
I'm from a whyle town
You know my style clown, so bow down
Word up
'95 style... I got my man Jay-Z here

[Verse 2: Jay-Z]
Brothers can beg and borrow, still feel sorrow
When Jay, Z like Zorro, get in that ass, better luck tomorrow
I'm too much nigga, so never should you rush
You need slow down or get your ass tore down
Check it out, I'm too cocky to stop me
You gotta kill me and when I'm gone
You can still feel me, on the real, B
The shit is eternal, I rock the heavens well
Even if they won't let me in Heaven, I raise hell, till it's Heaven
Recognize, the black cat with the nine lives
Get up off me nigga, it's bad luck to cross me
I'm popping Crystal, shooting game like missiles
As projected all ho's affected by this style
I mack like Goldie, go back like the oldie
But the goody
Pulling R&B bitches wearing hoodies
They don't be knowin the way I be flowing
When I be going, I be running the track like Jesse Owens
I disrupt the natural scheme, the way that you do things with a swing
And have em rocking like, you say never you run, if ever you come
It's never you run so fast in your life to never have won
Come on and ride the rhythm
I produce like jizm
Just like the gods I start with knowledge and follow with wisdom
For greater understanding I'm landing blows
And knocking sense into those that oppose me
Enticing when slicing through tracks
Your screaming, Jesus Christ he's back
And God knows he can rap
Me and L put rhythm on the map so give him his dap
And me, I just take mine
Gimme those, gimme this, gimme that, fuck that
You never see me stressed, in a GS
On the prize, my greedy eyes can't see no less
Jigga incredible
Even my thoughts is federal
Like kidnapping, extortion and corruption
So you know, beating me will never come like a nun or tomorrow
I'm too thorough, nigga
I make moves, cause bowels to move
When I'm creeping through your way
With a thousand little dudes
Armed with a piece like Islam
I make your eyes rise like yeast
Surprise, I feel no fear when facing y'all
Betcha lyrics jump off the track like racing cars
Emcee's trying to be the best
And even in dying, couldn't be this def
I see no reason to stop cheesing
Ever since L said throw three g's in
And we can get down and split the wealth
That's when I found I could do it myself, I get up

[Verse 3: Big L]
My crew be delivering hot lead when gats are clenched
Rappers I jack and lynch
Nobody can fuck with the way I be killing the shit in rap events
Big L is the nigga you expect to catch wreck in any cassette deck
I'm so ahead of my time, my parents haven't met yet
I'm feeling like Billy Bathgate, my rap style is past great
I love to fuck a bitch from the back and watch her ass shake
I probably got your mommy strung
Niggas hear me and take more notes than Connie Chung
My clan plans to get Giuliani hung
Never had a gassed head, got loot cause I stash bread
Try to tax and I'mma beat your faggot ass half-dead
I stomp White cops till the life stops
For a low price hops, cause my blood is colder than an ice box
On 1-3-9 you don't want a block war
Cause my crew will kill a nigga from the lobby to the top floor
And every time my MAC-11 bucks, I'm killing at least seven ducks
I never was a follower of Reverend Butts
The bitch type I dislike, I'm rougher than a fist fight
All chicks ain't shit, ain't no such thing as Ms. Right
So we can never be a couple hun, fuck love
All I got for ho's is hard dick and bubble gum
And clown emcee's I be attacking quick
I'm on some rapping shit and some car jacking shit
I ran up on this nigga name Mac in a black Ac'
And put the gat to his cap, click-clack
Sorry Jack, but get up out of that
My .38 works great, so make a mistake and hesitate
I can't wait to demonstrate this nickel plate
He didn't listen to what I was speaking
He started reaching, so I left him sleeping with his temple leaking
Aight, back to my man Jay-Z

[Verse 4: Jay-Z]
As soon as I grab it, I eat it up like a savage
And no I don't have it; I get it together like a marriage
I'm seeking all rappers, I'm on my P's and Q's and carrots
Y'all don't understand, well
Goddamn don't you know my status
I'm flowing the fattest, mmmm that
Is, mmmm, I'm the baddest
No need to explain my name, the only thing that matters
For suckers who bite me, they find
I'm a bit much to swallow
Your thinking that's hollow, the
Rhythm is too r-rugged to follow
I hit you like bam, biggity bam, bam, biggity bam
Let me take a little breath...goddamn
The kid is a wizard
I'm definitely destined to make eight digits
Met up with L on the road to riches
As soon as I step up, nah, whenever I'm in the, uh
Whatever I touch, whatever I clutch
You know I'm gonna end ya, uh
The nigga don't play, hey, the nigga don't play, hey
Hahahhhh, here I come a-g-g-gain, run, up up up in
Niggas are do ducking I'm boo buckin, fuck it I'm whyle
But a boo boo boo bam, what you
Niggas gonna do to the man
I see you brought your little crew... and?
I'm still comin with velocity, check it out
Jid-a, id-a, wid-I, zid-e, uh huh
Ain't none of the clowns fuckin around
Ain't none of clowns standing their ground
With the crowned prince of the underground
Sounds like I'm ready to catch wreck now
The heats on sweat now
Jay-Z's on, be gone to the next town
Punk, jump up and get beat down
Check it out, check it out, check it out
Ladies be comin out of their seats now
Shit I got crazy skills
It's a pity the way I'm ripping
Rugged rhythm through the city
Like dunnanna dunnanna di-di-dun dun ditty
I got rhythm, I, hit em with rhythm, I
Hit em and split em, I did em, I get rid of them guys
J-A, baby, baby please, gimme g's
Baby, baby, wit crazy ease
Watch Jay-Z get crazy G's
