[Produced By: Boi-1da & Vinylz]

[Intro: Drake & Big Sean]
Look, I feel blessed
Way up, I feel blessed
Way up, I feel blessed
(I, straight up, look)

[Verse 1: Big Sean]
I live the life I deserve, blessed
Fuck a vacay I feel better at work
I mean whatever it's worth, I give whatever I'm worth
For my niggas who gon' go to Hell and back for me
I'mma give 'em Heaven on Earth
Or a hell of a check, yeah, whichever come first
Blessings on blessings on blessings
Look at my life, man, that's lessons on lessons on lessons
I treat the beat like it's a reverend
I tell the truth like father, forgive me, these are all my confessions
Man, this wasn't luck, it was destined
I done lost homies who been with me since Ed, Edd and Eddy
Who flip like confetti
And then when you back, they back to call you "dog"
That shit get-get petty, bitch, don't give no dap to me, nigga
Funny thing about talking behind my back
Is that it just keep coming back to me, nigga
Was off for a sec, now it's back to me, nigga, you mad at me
This ain't what I want, man, this what it had to be
This is that late night working after three, man
This is why my old girl was mad at me
This why I'm your majesty, man
The clique is the tightest, the pussy the tightest
The drinks are the coldest, the future the brightest
The feat not divided, the love is divided
And I just gotta thank God that we got it
Blessed
I don't know what I would do without it
Crew look like we robbed a bank, but all we make is deposits
Your prophet will profit, oh God

[Hook: Drake (Big Sean)]
I'm here for a good time, not a long time, you know I
I haven't had a good time in a long time, you know I
I'm way up, I feel blessed
Way up, I feel blessed (Straight up)
I'm way up, I feel blessed (Straight up, straight up)
Way up, I feel blessed

[Verse 2: Drake]
Look, I ain't gon' say that we back or nothing
Cause that implies that we back from something
If we back from something there's some checks you owe us
I expect that payment, nothing less or over
I don't need them favors that you ask me for
I couldn't give two fucks 'bout where the Grammys go
I just gave out Grammys on my Instagram
Them OVO boys, the business man
It is what it is, trust me, you get what you give, yeah
You gotta come to my side and see how we live, yeah
I cannot see Heaven being much better than this, yeah
Blessings on blessings from me and my niggas from the 6
Look at what we did, yeah
Be quiet, I'm doing a toast
For niggas that don't really do shit, I swear, y'all be doing the most
Stop worrying 'bout whoever's next
I am just worried 'bout my mama worrying less
I think I'm famous enough, I don't need any more press
I am convinced I'm the only one left
That's still doing this shit, man

[Hook: Drake (Big Sean)]
I'm here for a good time, not a long time, you know I
I haven't had a good time in a long time, you know I
I'm way up, I feel blessed
Way up, I feel blessed (Straight up)
I'm way up, I feel blessed (Straight up, straight up)
Way up, I feel blessed

[Verse 3: Big Sean]
My grandma just died, I'm the man of the house
So every morning I'm up cause I can't let them down, down
Always down for the cause, never down for the count
I guess when your stars align
You do like the solar system and plan it out
So I'm going over time, on the overtime
Yeah, I'm that invested, but you can't attest it
Million dollar goals, managed to manifest it
The family never going anorexic
I pay mom mortgage and electric
Never going under even with anesthetics
At the top of the rap game and progressin'
Check after check, checking off my check list
Try and blow my cake, just know that's a death wish
No mistakes in life ever, it's only lessons
Shit feel like Shaq and Penny got back together
You tore the game apart, who put it back together? I

[Hook: Drake (Big Sean)]
I'm here for a good time, not a long time, you know I
I haven't had a good time in a long time, you know I
I'm way up, I feel blessed
Way up, I feel blessed (Straight up)
I'm way up, I feel blessed (Straight up, straight up)
Way up, I feel blessed

[Verse 4: Kanye West]
Since the truth keep niggas traumatized
They tryna compromise my condom size
So I Snapchat that whole shit
Tryna see titties, tryna show dick
And I swear to God I hope they post it
I'm blessed
Even though I get slammed with lawsuits like car doors
See three P.O.'s like Star Wars
They want me by the road holding up cardboard
So I go extra hard on the hard floor
Right now, I'm calling you from my home gym
Right after that, nigga, I'm gon' swim
Just did a couple laps in my home pool
And my daughter right there getting home-schooled
I'm blessed
And I was thinking 'bout starting up my own school
A Montessori
And the hallway looking like a monastery, oh yes
I'm way up, I feel blessed
[Produced by Velous, Kanye West, Diddy and Charlie Heat; Co-produced by Mike Dean, French Montana and Noah Goldstein; Additional production by Plain Pat, Travi$ Scott, Allen Ritter & Mario Winans]

[Intro: Kanye West (Theophilus London)]
All day, nigga
(Dance, ayy, ayy ayy ayy)

[Hook 1: Kanye West]
All day, nigga
How long you niggas ball? All day, nigga
How much time you spent at the mall? All day, nigga
How many runners do you got on call? All day, nigga
Swish, swish, how long they keep you in court? All day, nigga
Take you to get this fly? All day, nigga
Tell your P.O. how-how long you been high? All day, nigga
You already know I’m straight from the Chi, all day, nigga
South, south, south side! All day, nigga

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
This Ye, nigga
Shoppin' for the winter and it’s just May, nigga
Ball so hard, man, this shit cray, nigga
And you ain't gettin' money 'less you got eight figures
For that Jesus piece, man, I've been saved, nigga
Just talked to Farrakhan, that's sensei, nigga
Told him I've been on timbs since the 10th grade, nigga
Got a middle finger longer than Dikembe, my nigga, uh
I don't let 'em play with me
I don't let 'em talk to me no kind of way
Uh, they better watch what they say to me
Niggas still gettin' popped on the day to day
Yeah, I still got the hundred with the small face, nigga
Might spend 50 racks on my off day, nigga
You a fake Denzel like the Allstate nigga
If you run into me, better have Allstate with yah
You a Rico Suave nigga
Ride 'round listen to Sade, nigga
If you ain't with us, you in our way, nigga
You an actor, you should be on Broadway, nigga
Cause you do shit the broad way, nigga
Your bitch got a ass, but my broad way thicker
Late for the class, in the hallway, nigga
Yeah, the dropout at it as always nigga, as always
All day, nigga

[Refrain: Allan Kingdom]
I took a young sweet breath, and I reached into my Earth
Gave him what I had left
At that moment I dispersed
At that moment I dispersed

[Hook 2: Kanye West]
All day, nigga
How-h-how long you ball? All day, nigga
How much time you spent at the mall? All day, nigga
How long it take you to get this fly? All day, nigga
Tell your P.O. how-how long you been high? All day, nigga
Pour some Hen out for my niggas that died, all day, nigga
And I keep a bad bitch on the passenger side, all day, nigga
You already know I’m straight from the Chi, all day, nigga
South, south, south side! All day, nigga

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
I could do this all day, boy, I'm finna turn this bitch out
They need that Ye in the streets, boy, there's been a mothafuckin' drought
Don't really matter what I make, boy, you know I still go wild
Like a light skinned slave, boy, we in the mothafuckin' house!
Right now, you lookin' real sus right now
I swear I've been on this flight like a month right now
Stupid niggas gettin' money, Forrest Gump right now
Shout-out to Jackie Chan, I need to stunt right now
They've been lookin' at the Gram, I've been lookin' at the Grammys
Like, huh, that's us right now
24/7, 365 days, everybody gettin' paid
Niggas lookin' at me like I'm worth both MJs
People saying, "Ye, Ye, take it easy"
20 Gs for the Yeezys off of eBay
Niggas do the most and they ain't done shit
Only way I can sum it up, sumbitch

[Bridge: Theophilius London (Kanye West)]
(Hands up, hands up)
So won't you dance? ayy, ayy ayy ayy
(All day, nigga)

[Refrain: Allan Kingdom]

[Break: Kanye West]
Get low, alright
Get low, alright
What up? Alright, alright
Stay low, alright
Stay low, alright
Stay low, alright
South, south, south side! All day, nigga

[Guitar Interlude: Paul McCartney]
Whistling

[Outro: Paul McCartney]
Well, well, well, let me run (let me run)
Let me run to see who came undone
You've been right in my face
Let me run 'til you're off my case
Whooooa (x8)
[Produced by Che Pope & Kanye West]

[Hook: Joe Fox]
And I'm a man of my word, that I got nothing at all
So tell me now does it hurt, or is it too late?
I'm a man of my law, I gotta keep my weight up
But who will lean if I fall? But never mind, I'm fly, you know

[Verse 1: A$AP Rocky]
She the type to seek love and make it everlasting
I'm the type to wake up and say you never happened
I mean I fucked the girl with hella passion
But it's cold how we smashing
Left her sleeping on a separate mattress
I think her body makes for better practice
Good excuse for my absence like "Flacko where your ass been?"
Heard you done with fashion, now yo ass is acting
I'm tripping off the acid, now yo ass is looking massive
This ain't the shit equipped with columns
From my reckless swagging
This that dark house party with this record blasting
Rolling spliffs, clique beside me, fingers Liberace
When I seen this bitch in Venice
Tommy and some mean Huaraches
I'm all alone though, mood music makes me bop slower
Trippin' on how I shifted pop culture
Changed Hip-Hop on ya, smoking like a rasta was my pops culture
I be damned if I die sober
I'll be sure to visit Pac for ya

[Hook: Joe Fox]

[Verse 2: A$AP Rocky]
And shout outs my pretty womens in the spot tonight
Let em see them fuckin' hands
And for the freaks that love the niggas with the Jeeps
Lex, coupes and the Beamers and the Benz, come again
When my death calls, I pray the Lord accept collect calls
Cause I be playing with these womens like they sex dolls
Call my Prada prior, cause it's dropping next fall
Don't you short the next ball, my closet like the Met ball
She said, "I just love it when you speak soft-spoken
Up in the magazines with your teeth all golden"
Took the whole year off just to learn to make beats
Dropped the flames on my release and leave the streets all smokin'
That touch your soul music, I get you higher, grab your lighter fluid
Might add a preacher and a choir to it
I speak the father's music, hallelujah
Always Strive & Prosper, stupid
Even Montell can't tell you how we do it
Sit back and watch me do it

[Hook: Joe Fox]

[Beat Switch]

[Verse 3: A$AP Rocky]
Okay let's get past all the swag trapping and fashion talking
You want that take it to gats or keep it in rapping talking
They rapping bars it get embarrassed, it actually happens often
You my son like my last abortion, I'm just laughing off it
I changed rap with fashion four way, yeah I'm that important
You jack my style, she jack me off, and y'all both acting awkward?
Jiggling baby, nah, go ahead bitch
Ain't nothing better than the pretty big forehead bitch
Listen close I got some shit to tell you, motherfuckers get familliar
It's not just model bitches on my genitalia
Did Azalea's from Australia, trips to Venezuela
Cinderella's under my umbrella for different weather
Ella, ella, ay just play it like I didn't tell ya
Niggas taking pictures any time we get together
And hope to fly away one day just like some love birds
Only one word I'm afraid of is the "love" word

[Verse 4: Kanye West]
More power to you, more power to you my lovely one
More power to you, more power to you my lonely one
More power to you, more power to you my lovely one
What's up bruh? That all depends
With friends like you, who need friends
Sometimes the best advice is no advice
Especially when it's your advice
Oh! Man, remember
Your man was on stage dressed like a family member
Man everything basic to Ye Guevara
That means Saint Laurent is my Zara
I remember Rochelle ain't wanna fuck me with the polo
Ay bitch you missed out, #fomo
I got one child, one child
But I'm fuckin', fuckin', fuckin' like I'm tryna make four more
They wanna throw me under a white jail
Cause I'm a black man with confidence of a white male
Hallelujah
[Produced by Deputy; Co-produced by Kanye West; Additional production by Travi$ Scott and WondaGurl]

[Intro]
Yayo, yayo
Mula-la
Yayo

[Verse 1]
Bitch better have my money!
Y'all should know me well enough
Bitch better have my money!
Please don't call me on my bluff
Pay me what you owe me
Ballin' bigger than LeBron
Bitch, give me your money
Who y'all think y'all frontin' on?
Like bra, bra, bra

[Pre-Chorus]
Louis XIII and it's all on me, nigga, you just bought a shot
Kamikaze if you think that you gon' knock me off the top
Shit, your wife in the backseat of my brand new foreign car
Don't act like you forgot, I call the shots, shots, shots
Like bra, bra, bra
Pay me what you owe me, don't act like you forgot

[Chorus]
Bitch better have my money!
Bitch better have my money!
Pay me what you owe me
Bitch better have my (bitch better have my)
Bitch better have my (bitch better have my)
Bitch better have my money!

[Verse 2]
Turn up to Rihanna while the whole club fuckin' wasted
Every time I drive by, I'm the only thing you're playin'
In a drop top, doin' hundred, y'all in my rearview mirror racin'
Where y'all at? Where y'all at? Where y'all at?
Like bra, bra, bra

[Pre-Chorus]
Louis XIII and it's all on me, nigga, you just bought a shot
Kamikaze if you think that you gon' knock me off the top
Shit, your wife in the backseat of my brand new foreign car
Don't act like you forgot, I call the shots, shots, shots
Like bra, bra, bra
Pay me what you owe me, don't act like you forgot

[Chorus]
Bitch better have my money!
Bitch better have my money!
Pay me what you owe me
Bitch better have my (bitch better have my)
Bitch better have my (bitch better have my)
Bitch better have my money!
Bitch better have my money!
Bitch better have my money!
Pay me what you owe me
Bitch better have my (bitch better have my)
Bitch better have my (bitch better have my)
Bitch better have my money!

[Outro]
Bitch better have my money!
Bitch better have my money!
Bitch, bitch, bitch better have my money!
Yo, that bitch better have my money!
Hold up
My money!
Yo, my money!
That bitch better have my money!
Bitch better have my money!
[Produced By DJ Mustard, Kanye West & DJ Dahi]

[Pre-Hook: Big Sean]
I don't fuck with you
You lil stupid ass bitch, I ain't fuckin' with you
You lil, you lil dumb ass bitch, I ain't fuckin' with you
I got a million trillion things I'd rather fuckin' do
Than to be fuckin' with you, lil stupid ass

[Hook: Big Sean]
I don't give a fuck, I don't give a fuck
I don't, I don't, I don't give a fuck
Bitch, I don't give a fuck about you, or anything that you do
Don't give a fuck about you, or anything that you do

[Verse 1: Big Sean]
I heard you got a new man, I see you takin' a pic
Then you post it up, thinkin' that its makin' me sick
I see you calling, I be makin' it quick
I'mma answer that shit like: "I don't fuck with you"
Bitch I got no feelings to go
I swear I had it up to here, I got no ceilings to go
I mean for real, fuck how you feel
Fuck your two cents if it ain't goin' towards the bill, yeah
And everyday I wake up celebratin' shit, why?
Cause I just dodged a bullet from a crazy bitch
I stuck to my guns, that's what made me rich
That's what put me on, that's what got me here
That's what made me this
And everything that I do is my first name (B-I-G)
These hoes chase bread, aw damn, she got a bird brain
Ain't nothin' but trill in me, aw man, silly me
I just bought a crib, three stories, that bitch a trilogy
And you know I'm rollin' weed that's fuckin' up the ozone
I got a bitch that text me, she ain't got no clothes on
And then another one text, then your ass next
And I'm gonna text your ass back like

[Pre-Hook] + [Hook x2]

[Verse 2: E-40]
Got a million things on my mind, executive deals online
Limited amount of time, chasin' these dollar signs and you ain't on your grind
You liable to  find me up in the MGM casino in the D
Fuckin' off fetti I coulda put on property
From the Bay to the Murder Mitten, my niggas put murder missions
She choosin', that's her decision, free my niggas in prison
On the phone with a bitch who can't do shit
For a pimp but make a nigga hella rich
Got a blunt in my dental, blowin' hemp in a rental
On my way, to Sacramento, late night, Arsenio
I'm never sentimental, go hard or go homeless
Barely Harley, I'm chromeless, you might end up domeless
I bet you she into me, her cheddar, she givin' me
I'll make a bitch stand outside forever like the Statue of Liberty
Rest in pimp, Pimp C, underground king of the South
I raise my Styrofoam up, and pour some drank in my mouth
Why you always coming around with bad news?
Say you want me to win, but hope I lose
Askin' if I rock with other niggas in the crew
But them niggas cool, it's just that

[Pre-Hook] + [Hook x2]

[Verse 3: Big Sean]
I got a new chick that I gotta thank God for
I got a new whip that I gotta thank the lot for
Yeah I got a lot but want a lot more
Yeah we in the buildin' but I'm tryna take it to the top floor
I swear I hear some new bullshit every day I'm wakin' up
It seems like nowadays everybody breakin' up
That shit can break you down if you lose a good girl
I guess you need a bad bitch to come around and make it up
I guess drama makes for the best content
Everything got a bad side, even a conscience
Now you're drinkin' 'til you're unconscious
Feel me when you get a fine bitch
Just don't forget to read the fine print
Life got me meditatin' like I'm in the Himalayas
Keep it G with the L lit on me like the elevator
Yeah I know that karma's too real so I hope you doin' cool
But still stupid ass bitch I ain't fuckin' with you
Little stupid ass I ain't fuckin with
I ain't fuckin', I ain't, I ain't fuckin' with you
I ain't fuckin' with you
(Straight up)
[Produced by Kanye West, Mike Dean & Plain Pat]

[Intro: Bon Iver]
I shoot the lights out
Hide 'til it's bright out
Oh just another lonely night
Are you willing to sacrifice your life?

[Intro Verse: Rick Ross]
Bitch, I'm a monster, no-good blood-sucker
Fat motherfucker– now look who's in trouble
As you run through my jungles all you hear is rumbles
Kanye West samples, here's one for example:

[Hook: Kanye West]
Gossip, gossip, nigga just stop it
Everybody know I'm a motherfucking monster
I'm-a need to see your fucking hands at the concert
I'm-a need to see your fucking hands at the concert
Profit, profit, nigga I got it
Everybody know I'm a motherfucking monster
I'm-a need to see your fucking hands at the concert
I'm-a need to see your fucking hands

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
The best living or dead hands down, huh
Less talk, more head right now, huh
And my eyes more red than the devil is
And I'm about to take it to another level, bitch
No matter who you go and get
Ain't nobody cold as this
Do the rap and the track, triple double no assists
And my only focus is staying on some bogus shit
Arguing with my older bitch, acting like I owe her shit
I heard that people sing raps to give the track pain
Bought the chain that always give me back pain
Fucking up my money so yeah I had to act sane
Chi nigga but these hoes love my accent
Chick came up to me and said
"This the number to dial
If you wanna make your #1 your #2 now"
Mix that Goose and Malibu I call it "Malibooyah"
Goddamn, Yeezy, how he hit them with a new style?
Know that motherfucker well: "What you gonna do now?
Whatever I want to do. Gosh! It's cool now"
Know I'm gonna do, ah, it's the new now
Think you motherfuckers really really need to cool out
Cause you'll never get on top of this
So mommy, best advice is just to get on top of this
Have you ever had sex with a pharaoh?
Put the pussy in a sarcophagus
Now she claiming that I bruised her esophagus
Head of the class and she just won a swallowship
I'm living in the future so the present is my past
My presence is a present, kiss my ass

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Jay Z]
Sasquatch, Godzilla, King Kong, Loch Ness
Goblin, ghoul, a zombie with no conscience
Question: What do these things all have in common?
Everybody knows I'm a motherfucking monster
Conquer, stomp ya, stop your silly nonsense
Nonsense, none of you niggas know where the swamp is
None of you niggas have seen the carnage that I've seen
I still hear fiends scream in my dreams
Murder, murder in black convertibles
I kill the block, I murder the avenues
I rape and pillage your village, women and children
Everybody want to know what my Achilles heel is
Love, I don't get enough of it
All I get is these vampires and blood-suckers
All I see is these niggas I made millionaires
Milling about, spilling they feelings in the air
All I see is these fake fucks with no fangs
Trying to draw blood from my ice-cold veins
I smell a massacre
Seems to be the only way to back you bastards up

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Nicki Minaj]
Pull up in the monster automobile, gangsta
With a bad bitch that came from Sri Lanka
Yeah I'm in that Tonka color of Willy Wonka
You could be the king but watch the queen conquer
OK, first things first I'll eat your brains
Then I'm a start rocking gold teeth and fangs
Cause that's what a motherfucking monster do
Hair dresser from Milan that's the monster do
Monster Giuseppe heel, that's the monster shoe
Young Money is the roster and a monster crew
And I'm all up, all up, all up in the bank with the funny face
And if I'm fake, I ain't notice cause my money ain't
So let me get this straight, wait, I'm the rookie?
But my features and my shows ten times your pay?
50K for a verse, no album out
Yeah, my money's so tall that my Barbiez got to climb it
Hotter than a Middle Eastern climate, violent
Tony Matterhorn, dutty wine it, wylin'
Nicki on them titties when I sign it
That's how these niggas so one-track-minded
But really really I don't give a F-U-C-K
Forget Barbie, fuck Nicki cause she's fake
She's on a diet but her pockets eating cheesecake
And I'll say bride of Chucky is child's play
Just killed another career, it's a mild day
Besides 'Ye, they can't stand besides me
I think me, you and Am should ménage Friday
Pink wig, thick ass, give them whiplash
I think big, get cash, make them blink fast
Now look at what you just saw, this is what you live for
I'm a motherfucking monster

[Outro: Bon Iver]
I crossed the line
And I'll let God decide
And I wouldn't last these shows
So I am heading home
[Hook: Tyler, The Creator]
For your boy
I'm watchin Freaks and Geeks with the trampoline on the floor
I'm tryna cop the new McLaren with the vertical doors, nigga

[Verse 1: Tyler, The Creator]
Money, money, money, money; money ain't the motive
What's your name again? Nobody knows it
Don't speak to me nigga, you not impotant
I'm focused
(2, 3, 4)
Bring in the horns
They say I'm nutty, I'm picnic basket, I'm short of a sandwich
I'm peanut butter, Boyce Watkin's a faggot
Please come and get me
Said I suck him at your neck
Like a hickey, boy I'm sicky
Like a HIV victim, ain't nobody fuckin wit me
I got banned from New Zealand
Whitey called me a demon
And a terrorist, goddammit, I couldn't believin it
Ban a kid from a country; I never fall, never timber
But you fucked up as a parent -- your child idols a niggur!
I clearly don't give a fuck, so you could run that shit back
And fuck your loud pack
And fuck your Snapchat
Cherry Bomb the greatest fuckin album since the days of sound
And that shit gon pop just like that nigga that was never 'round
Damn, bout to drop, gas 'em up, thick exhaust
Young T, came quick, hard to beat, dick is soft
We ain't lyin, we the truth, call him Simba, beats his hooves
Tyler the Creator sweatin Jesus juice
Put that fuckin cow on my level cause I'm raisin the stakes
Mom I made you a promise, it's no more section 8
When we ate its the steaks, now our section is great
Cause that's the level I'm at, my niggas pass 'em a plate
'Ye!

[Break: Kanye West]
Why oh why, why, why don't they like me?
Cause Nike gave a lot of niggas checks
But I'm the only nigga to ever check Nike

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
Richer than white people with black kids
Scarier than black people with ideas
Nobody can tell me where I'm headin
But I feel like Michael Jordan, Scottie Pippen at my weddin
They say I'm crazy but that's the best thing goin for me
You can't Lynch Marshawn if Tom Brady throwin to me
I made a million mistakes, but I'm successful in spite of 'em
I believe you like a fat trainer takin a bite or somethin
I wanna turn the tanks to playgrounds
I dreamt of 2Pac -- he asked me "Are you still down?"
"Yeah my nigga; it's on, it's on, it's on, it's on"
I know they tell they white daughters don't bring home Jerome
I am the free nigga archetype
I am the light, and the beacon; you can ask the deacon
It's funny when you get extra money
Every joke you tell just be extra funny
I mean, you can even dress extra bummy
Cocaine bathroom break, nose extra runny
And I gave you all I got, you still want extra from me
Oxford want a full blown lecture from me
And the Lexus pull up, err, like hop, I hopped out, like wassup?
Err-err-err, step back, hold up, my nigga, you suck, hold up
I studied the proportions
Emotions runnin at a Autobahn speed level
Had a drink with fear, and I was textin God
He said "I gave you a big dick, so go extra hard"

[Hook 2: Tyler, The Creator]
For your boy
I'm tryna pop the new McLaren with the vertical doors
I'm watchin Freak and Geeks, got a trampoline in my room
Damn

[Bridge: Tyler, The Creator]
(2, 3, 4)
Hold your fuckin horses
Niggas really fuckin thought that T lost it
Like I bet it at a auction been exhausted
I been workin while y'all cylinders smoke like broken exhaust tips
Fuckin losers

[Lil Wayne]
Hold your fuckin ponies my homie
I'll whip your donkey by my lonely
I eat pussy like Shoney's
(Yeah)
It's Tunechi, homie, master of ceremonies
I knock 'em down, domino effect -- no pepperoni
I swear

[Verse 3: Tyler the Creator]
This them Golf boys, like them Hot Boy$
For the nine nine and two thousand
But its the two thou'
And the one four, and the one five
Yo what up Wayne?
(What up Slime, nigga go hard)
Yeah, I'mma go hard like before came
Got too much drive, need like ten lanes
Life is a broad and she give brain
That's that road head (yeah) thats a dream car
Got a full tank of that same year I was born
That's that one nine nine one
'nother nigga like I, you won't find one
Cuz nigga I'm a god, a divine one
Tune

[Verse 4: Lil Wayne]
My trigger finger wise but my 9 dumb (Yeah)
Middle finger blind so its fuck A-N-Y-one
Fuck, skate, and die son; a hundred ways to die son
I'm starin at a tramp on lean, make my eye jump
Use Adderall like alarm clocks, wake my high up
Stakes are high; well done, and prime cut, eat up
I stick my rollie in her mouth, let the time come
She got hair like Sheneneh, and eyes like Wanda
Oh my goodness

[Verse 5: Tyler, the Creator]
Wayne them bitches ugly
These niggas colder than Tommy buddy
'Ye we hittin models like Tony Parker be hittin bottles
Bitch I'm goin harder than yellow cabbies stoppin for Lionel
(Black ass nigga)
They be duckin us niggas, shout out to Donald Sterling
Boy lets get a scrimmage
And cut some niggas
I'll bring the Clippers
And a couple owners that's kinda German
You bring the nooses, and a couple trees
Where the money grow, and get bodies burning
Cause I'm tryna hang like I'm Mr. Cooper or Jews in Berlin
Or some niggas from Alabama, Birmingham
I need musics all over the street like Erick Sermon
Was
Fuck us
Maybe we should team up
Anti Golf boys, cuz I don't fuck with me either
I'm a liar, I'm a faggot

Uhh...

[Verse 6: Lil Wayne]
Son you need Jesus
But I heard he left Sunset to go on tour with Yeezus, well
I'm prayin for the new Yeezys
And you pussies prayin that we squash the beef like zucchini
I know --
It ain't gain, nor fame, nor tame
Or lame, nor strange

[Outro: Tyler, The Creator]
Nah faggot it's Golf Wang
[Talking: Jay-Z]
Uhh uhh uhh
You ready B? Let's go get 'em

[Verse 1: Jay-Z]
Look for me! Young, B
Cruisin down the Westside Highway
Doing what we like to do, our way
Eyes behind shades, this necklace the reason
All of my dates been blind dates
But today, I got my thoroughest girl wit me
I'm mashing the gas, she's grabbing the wheel, it's trippy how hard
She rides with me - the new Bobby and Whitney
Only time we don't speak is during Sex and the City
She gets Carrie fever, but soon as the show is over
She's right back to being my soldier
Cause mami's a rider, and I'm a roller
Put us together, how they gon' stop both us?
What ever she lacks, I'm right over her shoulder
When I'm off track, mami is keepin me focused
So let's lock this down like it's supposed to be
The '03 Bonnie and Clyde, Hov' and B

[Hook]
[Jay] All I need in this life of sin, is me and my girlfriend
[Bey] Down to ride 'til the very end, it's me and my boyfriend
[Jay] All I need in this life of sin, is me and my girlfriend
[Bey] Down to ride 'til the very end, it's me and my boyfriend

[Verse 2: Jay-Z]
The problem is, you dudes treat the one that you loving
With the same respect that you treat the one that you humping
That ain't 'bout nothing - if ever you mad about something
It won't be that; oh no it won't be that
I don't be at, places where we comfy at
With no be-atch; oh no you won't see that
And no, I ain't perfect - nobody walkin this earth's surface is
But girlfriend, work with the kid
I keep you working that Hermes Birkin bag
Manolo Blahnik Timbs, Aviator lens
600 drops, Hercedes Benz
The only time you wear Burberry to swim
And I don't have to worry, only worry is him
She do anything necessary for him
And I do anything necessary for her
So don't let the necessary occur, yep!

[Hook]

[Beyoncé]
(Talk to 'em B)
If I was your girlfriend
I'll be there for you, if somebody hurts you
Even if that somebody was me
Yeah-hee (break it down for 'em, B)
Sometimes I trip on how happy we could be
And so I put this on my life
Nobody or nothing will ever come between us
And I promise I'll give my life
My love and my trust if you was my boyfriend
Put this on my life
The air that I breathe in, all that I believe in
I promise I'll give my life
And all of my trust if you was my boyfriend

[Hook]
[Intro: Consequence]
Yo this is Consequence
From the mighty Con Man Clique
And I'm runnin' with my man Kanye West
And when I ain't got a pretty ho transporting a boy and a girl to the states
I'm either on the 1-9-2 or out in the Chi
So we gonna up yo on how we chill, uh

[Verse One: Kanye West]
It cost Kobe seven digits to pay off Bridgett
And get acquitted and break that bitch off, cause he ain't did it
Here go the Henny swig it
You know it's frigid
I got 'em chillin' in the cooler
Break out the ruler
Damn
Them the biggest tits I ever seen
We smokin' killer Cali gettin' weeded
Make it feel like Maui
Now we feel the good vibrations
So many B.I.s, so much inspiration

[Consequence]
I get inspired by the stunts to
I've run through
So many bitches in one crew
That now they riff over bones to pick
Till I find one
It's live one
Take her home and quickly do this
I need not explain this
Cause Quence is famous for totin' stainless

[Kanye West]
Hey miss
Who's there?
No time to do hair
I'm through here
The show tonight
So get right
You look aight
Let's club now
A rub down
Starts flavor while we grind in the theater
I'm tryin' to cut in the movies
I'm tryin' to give her something else to drink besides a smoothie

[Consequence]
Kids get broke when I take bank and win
With the gold chains, I throw game at your bitch like handball
Cause your boys all that
So fall back
I be that real for '03 till

Chorus: [x4]
[Kanye West]
This is how we chill from '03 until

[Consequence]
This is how we chill for '03 till

[Verse Two: Consequence]
My mack game does me well
And makes them hoes want to go and kiss and tell
All of Quence's business
I cause dizziness
Any time I got to go and slap a silly trick

[Kanye West]
Niggas is jealous cause we in drops
The cops wanna stop us about every four blocks
Cause what we smokin' them sacks got no seeds
And what they got in they pockets is no cheese

[Consequence]
When I'm postin' you better tell them hot heads, "Stay cool"
Or exit because I'm the exception to the rule
I'm reppin' to the dudes blocks with two Glocks
To bury ya
When they tear they ain't jammin'
Them cannons will make you drop
So I'm doin' tons of indo, showin' off for hoes
Basically
My ace has been
Makin' them sick tracks while I was shootin' pornos with your wisdom

[Kanye West]
Now bring some more stacks
Before you ask
About the price of the tracks
The game on smash
Look
Don't change the facts about these plaques
Because in fact
My freestyle hours over powers
Brothers can't hack it
Sensitive to truth and mack bitch
'03 me, Quence and Plain Pat bitch

[Hook]
Yo it's the Lake Shore Drive
Keep it live, tight, raw
You better hurry up, they can't keep it in the store
To be the format, your whole style on one beat
Insert the disk, watch a nigga press delete
Tryna flex your technique
You gettin' blasted with a TEC, that shit is mad ironic
Like Alanis Morisette, you try but can't jet
Bunch of airline lyrics, rhymes for low fare
Flyin' out of O'Hare
While these no-name ass niggas wanna go there, nobodies
Livin' three blocks from nowhere, down the street from nothin'
Let me show these niggas somethin', visual aid, the page
And the nigga who fronted, word to God, they don't want it
But they wanna play the role, actin' hardcore
Watch the whole career, flow, my style is too cold
Always, forever like Luther, but it ain't original
Because I stole it from the future, now I'm wanted in three centuries
The verbal killin', ask me where I got the style
Told 'em from my grandchildren, put it on files
Document it in the books
You niggas can't see me so cease the hard looks
I'll rather it get took
Live and die for rhymes, dedicated to hip-hop
Shit don't stop
Niggas they wanna know what and who's next
And you roll up in a Lex
That's the train stop, my brain drop mad lyrics
I rhyme with the spirit off the top, I drop nonstop
Verbally killin', my style is ready to willin'
Y'all niggas stay back chillin'
Like EPMD y'all niggas ain't seein' me, what
We're enormous, nah, do or die
I got the rhymes on the brain
They tried to bomb me on the plane so I rode the train
Before I got here [?]
I'm 'bout to save this shit, yo it's my year, what!?
Bring it on, pass it to my man Tariq
Rock the mic all week
Ayo
Planes, trains, automobiles
The G500s with the auto-roll wheels
Pinot Grigio, got 'em on chill
See now, see me ho? I got that deal
If you tryna build, I bet you'd like to know that
My father was a Black Panther with Geronimo Pratt
And back in college, I ain't run with no frat
I just ran with the track that put the Chi on the map
Now the Roc in the buildin', UIC Pavilion
Two years ago I was just a civilian
Now every chick in here swear I got millions
In area codes with unidentified children

Hold up, I'm fuckin' up the rap

Every chick in here swear I got millions
In area codes with unidentified children
Put my hoodie on, blend in like a chameleon
Hear barbershop talk, niggas try to kill him
Take my hoodie off, they like "Ye waddup, you chillin'!"
Swear to god they just like children
Just like high school, back at my school
Just like Halloween minus the costumes
The niggas that's flickin' was the ones that's trickin'
The girls two seatin' was the ones that's treatin'
Do a test on relationship, everybody cheatin'
I used to want the Jordans that's most recent
Now I throw Jordans on the whip just to look decent
Just to get pulled over by the precinct, so frequent
It's like I'm back bein' a delinquent
They wanna know where I live, stay, and work
Why a young black nigga get all these perks
How I stack my paper, got Adidas in every flavor
Excuse me officer, I don't know Rod Laver
Or Stan Smith, what they don't understand is
How I got that color in canvas
October 19 2013       Seattle, WA              Key Arena*#
October 20 2013       Vancouver, B.C.       Pepsi Live at Rogers Arena*#
October 22 2013       San Jose, CA           SAP Center*#
October 23 2013       Oakland, CA            Oracle Arena*#
October 25 2013       Las Vegas, NV         MGM Grand Garden Arena*^
October 26 2013       Los Angeles, CA     Staples Center*#
October 28 2013            Los Angeles                  Staples Center
November 01 2013    Salt Lake City, UT   Energy Solutions Arena*#
November 03 2013    Denver, CO             Pepsi Center*#
November 05 2013    Minneapolis, MN     Target Center*#
November 07 2013    Chicago, IL             United Center*#
November 10 2013    Detroit, MI              Palace of Auburn Hills*#
November 12 2013    Toronto, ONT.        Air Canada Centre*#
November 14 2013    Montreal, QUE.       Bell Centre#
November 16 2013    Philadelphia, PA    Wells Fargo Center*#
November 17 2013    Boston, MA            TD Garden*#
November 19 2013    Brooklyn, NY          Barclays Center*^
November 21 2013    Washington, DC     Verizon Center#
November 23 2013    New York, NY         Madison Square Garden*^
November 29 2013    Miami, FL               American Airlines Arena*#
November 30 2013    Tampa, FL             Tampa Bay Times Forum^
December 01 2013    Atlanta, GA            Philips Arena#
December 06 2013    Dallas, TX             American Airlines Center#
December 07 2013    Houston, TX          Toyota Center#

# WITH KENDRICK LAMAR
^ SPECIAL GUEST TO BE ANNOUNCED
TICKETS WITH* ON SALE FRIDAY 9 13 13
Zane Lowe: Grab a seat, grab a seat. So, you remember this place? Graduation? I was also thinking about some of the other things we've done as well with the BBC, like Abbey Road sprung to mind with the strings.

Kanye West: Oh yeah. That was good. That suit was like, I would've worn something different if I could look back right now. I could still do a suit, I just wouldn't have done that exact lapel situation.

ZL: But talk about really putting yourself on the line with that. That was so early on for you to be stepping in a room with that many players and to give yourself that objective. What are your thoughts when you think back about Abbey Road, where...it's just nuts.

KW: I thought it was good. I thought it was what I was supposed to do at that time. If I see something, if I see an opportunity, I'm gonna go for it. We're all gonna die one day.

ZL: Yeah, that's true.

KW: So live like that. Live like you could die tomorrow. Go for it. Those steps have been the platforms that allowed me to make it this far.

ZL: And you have, man, and you're here. Six original albums of your own, a Throne record, various records with G.O.O.D. Music to talk about. But seriously, man, Yeezus. Bravo, dude. I mean, that is one of the most creative records of any genre I've heard in a very, very long time, and just in terms of your output, your most exciting-sounding record, I think.

KW: Oh, thank you very much. Yeah, I feel I was able to start making exactly what was in my mind again, not having to speak with the textures of the time. Cause, you know, Cruel Summer is definitely Kanye West, and there's something weird and kind of off about "Mercy," like when it has the high-pitched (impersonates noise), that type of sound. It sounds like art still a little bit, even though it obviously was a radio smash.

But when I get into the idea, the trap drums and things like that, certain songs that are blatant radio hits, it's like I'm speaking with today's textures. If you look at it 200 years from now, it's not going to stand out in the way that 808s or Yeezus stands out, and can completely push or redefine or make people say, hey, I completely hate that, or I completely love that, but let me just think differently. Because everybody is bound to these -- no pun intended -- they're bound to sixteen bars or eight bars, and the normal radio thing.

I was talking to Frank Ocean about this, and said, my mom got arrested for the sit-ins, and now we're more like the sit-outs. Like, sit off of radio, and say, hey radio, come to us. We need to find something new, because it's being controlled in a way, and manufactured in a way, that really awesome artists can make amazing music and not break as far past as, like, something that's very formulaic.

ZL: So it almost feels like a duty to you in a weird way? Having the peoples' ear, having peoples' attention for great music, to be able to say, well, if I'm not challenging them enough, I'm not challenging myself, not challenging radio, what am I doing?

KW: Yeah. I'm not trying to regurgitate myself. I showed people that I understand how to make perfect. Dark Fantasy could be considered to be perfect. I know how to make perfect. But that's not what I'm here to do. I'm here to crack the pavement and make new grounds, sonically and society, culturally.

ZL: You've done that with Yeezus. It's fascinating for us to sit here and talk about this record now, because normally when I talk to artists about records of this nature, it's in the lead-up to something. So we're all kind of playing a guessing game, you know what I mean? You could tell me what you think of the record, but I'm trying to find my way around it, the audience probably won't have heard it. In this case, it's been out for a minute, so we can reflect on it with the benefit of hindsight, too. You've seen what everyone else has had to say about this record, both good and bad. But I'm fascinated to know, today, how you would describe Yeezus, as someone who made it. How you would describe that record.

KW: I just think that I'm a production person, I'm a product guy, I'm a producer. So if I'm working on a John Legend album, I'm gonna try to give John Legend the best home for him to stay in. And I'm gonna try to push Pusha T -- no pun intended once again, this keeps happening to me -- to make the thing that represents what I like about his music the most. And then for me as Kanye West, I gotta fuck shit up.

ZL: And you did, dude, seriously. From the minute it starts. I mean, seriously. (Plays opening to "On Sight"). It's disgusting.

So you're up in the loft probably at this point, and you're kicking around ideas, and you're putting things together, and this sound comes into your head, and you're like, this is what I'm looking for?

KW: Nah. This is me going to the studio with Thomas and Guy-Manuel, who's Daft Punk. They had a synthesizer the size of that wall right there. This is just one session right here. This beat was originally like 14 minutes long, and that part in the beginning was something we completely just distorted, and I ended up making that the intro.

ZL: You know, I got a beef with you over this track. It's too short! I wanted more out of it. Cause it's one of the best beats on the record for me, and it feels like you're just getting warmed up. Was that kind of deliberate, to pull back after only a couple of verses and go, you know what, we're going to get on with the album now?

KW: Nah, it's just what I felt, like it should be.

ZL: Just a dance thing.

KW: And you know, originally "Blood on the Leaves" was supposed to be first.

ZL: Wow.

KW: Which, psychologically, I know would have changed certain Yeezus naysayers about the album. It wasn't that time for me. I didn't want to come up there and perform. A lot of times, music can be presented as a service position. But I wanted to take a more aggressive approach with music.

You know, people go on a vacation and say, you got the drugs, you got the music, you got the wine? It's in that territory. But I wanted to speak up and say, okay, so my voice is only compressed to express myself artistically through music. It's the only place where I actually have a deal, so I can only consistently make things in music. So I'm gonna take music and I'm gonna try to make it three-dimensional, like on Star Wars and the hologram'll pop up out of R2D2. I'm gonna try to make something that jumps up and affects you, in a good or bad way. Whether it's, I'm going into a scream in the middle of the track because that's just the way I feel. But I'm not here to make easy listening, easy programmable music.

ZL: No. You're so off the reservation on this album in the best possible way. Like you talked about, the way you use your voice in different ways, you don't rely on conventional rhyming flows. Your opening line, "Yeezus season approaching," you know? "A monster's awoken." You're laying it out there, this isn't My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy part 2. I'm wilding out on this record, straight away.

(Plays interlude from "On Sight"). And then from nowhere as well, we just get treated to these wonderful moments where, like you say, it's almost like a collage. Like you're sitting here going, you know, why can't I go into this? Why not?

KW: You can.

ZL: And you did.

KW: That's how life is. It's like a car crash. You could just be driving, and just out of nowhere it happens.

ZL: At what point did that very deliberate feel to the record, whereby breaks come in and join this really discordant electronic moments and everything seems to exist in this very contradictory but it works kind of way, at what point did that start to take shape? Because it is very omnipresent through the record as a whole, the way it flips between one and the other. Was that in your head early on, or did that come towards the end when you started to reduce the record?

KW: Well, I didn't reduce it. Rick Rubin reduced it. He's not a producer, he's a reducer. (Laughs).

ZL: But was it always part of the process for you, to say, why don't I take elements of this and this and just (claps hands together) bolt it together?

KW: Yeah. It's just the way I was consuming information in my life at the time. Negative information to positive information, from the Internet, just going to the Louvre, going to furniture exhibits and understanding that, trying to open up and do interviews like this, learning more about architecture. Taking one thousand meetings, attempting to get backing to do clothing and different things like that. Getting no headway whatsoever. It was just that level of frustration. This is what frustration fucking sounds like.

This is what frustration sounds like. For me, as Kanye West, I would not be Kanye West if it wasn't for Michael Jackson. I was with Quincy Jones a couple days ago at John Legend's wedding. Quincy was telling me, it wasn't just Mike, but these guys broke down the barriers. Of course you know Michael Jackson, he had to fight to get his video played because he was black. This is Michael Jackson. Michael Jackson's not even black, he's Michael Jackson -- you know what I mean? He's so crazy, how can he even be classified as this black artist?

So for me, in my life and creativity it's been challenging and everything. But I was able to ascend to massive heights because of the foundation that my mother and my father and my grandfather laid through civil rights, what Michael Jackson did with music videos and the ground he broke. There would be no Kanye West if it wasn't for Michael Jackson - that allowed him to be that, right?

Now let's take people who have issues with me as Kanye West. They classify my motivational speeches as rants - like "Why is he saying that? Why is he doing that?" Well I've reached a point in my life where my Truman Show boat has hit the painting. And I've got to a point that Michael Jackson did not break down. I have reached the glass ceiling - as a creative person, as a celebrity.

When I say that it means I want to do product. I am a product person. Not just clothing but water bottle design, architecture, everything that you could think about. And I've been at it for 10 years, and I look around and I say, "Hey wait a second - there's no one around here in this space that looks like me." And if they are, they're quiet as fuck!

So that means - wait a second - now we're seriously in a Civil Rights movement. Like people used to joke about - remember our South Park photo - remember how funny that was? Do you think there would be a Givenchy in the hood if it wasn't for that South Park photo. But no one thinks about that - no one thinks about the names I got called for wearing tight jeans.

ZL: You reference that in the record, you talk about that. "No one's liked him since he's been wearing tight jeans." Everybody knows you brought back real rap. I mean you reference that in the record.

KW: I'm saying y'all had all that, but I brought real rap back. I'm going to do dope things. And I wanna take this opportunity to speak to something, because I go to Hypebeast sometimes to look at the new things that're coming out. And every time my name goes up, there's a series of people who write just negative comments - they wanna joke around and say, "Why is he still trying? Why is he doing this?" They like diss me as a person for trying. Now mind you, I've brought 10 years of product that has added to humanity.

And now, what they don't realize when I say "Hey this is Pusha T, this is what it is" I have to remind Pusha T that he's Pusha T. Because the radio, if they're not playing a song of his that has an R&B hook on it or works at a certain level of trap tempo and plays in clubs, it's like we forget about that Clipse album that meant everything.

And the reason why I relate it to design and what we do in design is saying that's the music that us as creatives that wanted to get into design - we looked at Clipse as the gods, and this is our soundtrack to creativity. And it's not a trap beat that comes in on that soundtrack to creativity. No knock to trap, cause I did "Can't Tell Me Nothing" - I like it. But it's been commercialized to the point where - and I'm not mentioning no names - but people used to use the term "R&B nigga" but then it was "rappers." But then rappers didn't wanna be no R&B nigga. Now the rappers is the new R&B niggas! The rapper's the new radio! Like where's the culture at? Where is the culture at?

So then I scream - and I'm sitting in the middle of it - whether I'm at a dinner with Anna Wintour, or I'm at a listening session with Pusha, or me and Virgil are in Rome giving designs to Fendi over and over and gettin' our designs knocked down. Brought the leather jogging pants 6 years ago to Fendi, and they said no. How many motherfuckers you done seen with a leather jogging pant? Meaning when I see Hedi Slimane and it's all like, "OK this is my take on the world" - yeah he got some nice $5,000 jeans in there, some nice ones here and there, some good shit here and there.

But we culture. Rap the new rock n' roll! We culture! Rap is the new rock n' roll! We the rock stars!

ZL: It's been like that now for a minute.

KW: It's been like that for a minute, Hedi Slimane! It's been like that for a minute. We the real rock stars, and I'm the biggest of all of 'em. I'm the number one rock star on the planet.

CLICK HERE FOR PART 2
Kanye West: We the real rockstars and I'm the biggest of all of them. I'm the biggest rock star on the planet.

Zane Lowe: There it is. That record- it says that. That's what your album says when you come out, and there are songs on there where you make it very clear.

KW: So what I want to explain to everybody out there, it's like, I make music I can do it, but I shouldn't be limited to only one place of creativity. And it's literally only like one of two reason why I haven't been able to break that down.

ZL: But why should you feel that you are? Because-

KW: No! This is the thing you guys don't understand. You guys don't understand. You guys don't understand that I did the Yeezys and they EBAY'd for 90 thousand dollars and people wanted them bad as whatever, right? But I didn't get a call from Nike the next day. You guys don't understand that I've met with companies and they say, "What we're trying to figure out is how we can control you and control that". If you're an architect and you're a world builder and you have all these ideas and you're Gaudi, and you want to build buildings, if you don't ever get that out, what's gonna happen?

ZL: Isn't that why you do it? Isn't it the process? Isn't it point to do it?

KW: I don't think you're really hearing what I'm saying.

ZL: I'm trying to

KW: As a creative, for you to have done something to the level of the Yeezys and not be able to create more and you cannot- you cannot create that on your own, with no support, with no backing. So when I say "clean water was only served to the fairer skinned" what I'm saying is we're making products with chitlins. T-SHIRTS! That's the most we can make! T-shirts. We could have our best perspective on t-shirts. But if it's anything else...
*HAND SMACK*
your Truman Show boat is hitting the wall. And what's more important to me about this than everything I can do sonically and everything is, if I go somewhere else and someone says, "Hey, we don't like Kanye West" you've heard that before, right? What people don't realize is I want to make uniforms for my high school basketball team through Brand Yeezy. I want to make that one step, and then make another step, and eventually do uniforms for the entire city, then I want those uniforms to be hot and make money, then I eventually want to be the anchor and the force behind a billion dollar company and after I make that billion dollar step, then I can go in and say I have an opinion on this and that could be a ten billion dollar step, I eventually want to be the anchor of the first trillion dollar company. But when you sit and you have a meeting with a company and show them the most innovate take on theatre because you thought of it one night when you were sitting on top of Watch The Throne set which you designed with Es Devlin, and I designed the set with Es Devlin and thought of, "Ok, surround vision, there should be a screen above you, below you, to the left, to the right of you and one in front of you also" then I paid my own money that I get paid for doing Gold Digger, which I never really liked that song but I always knew I would get paid for doing Gold Digger, then I shoot a film in Qatar with three camera crews, with Nate Brown, Virgil, Matt Williams, Nabil, all of these crew- all of the people that every video that pops up every other day on Hypebeast thats my crew, right? So, we go out and shoot that, 3 camera crews over 5 days edited over 30 days, show it at amfAR- no, show it in Cannes, the night before amfAR on the beach, build it in a pyramid with Rem Koolhaas' agency, design the entire thing, put editors in it, blah blah blah, people give a standing ovation, I do an interview in New York Times the next year to say, "Hey, I did this and I want to let you know I did it", right? And then, it doesn't get mentioned in the interview and a week later they do an interview with George Lucas and Steven Spielberg and they're talking about what the next frontier of theatre will be and how it'll be higher priced tickets and it'll be something that's surrounding you and blah blah blah, maybe it's in the goggles, I said, "Wait a second, I just only did the interview to tell people that I invented it. I made it."
Like I went, I remember when I was, uh, dropping William Morris, right, and then Sarah Newkirk at that time said "Before you drop them, go meet with Ari Emanuel" and I sat with him and I said, "Ari, I'm an inventor" and he goes on to tell me about the way it works and what he said was "You are a celebrity. So basically what's going to happen is, there's product here, and this is where you end up, right here. If you can communicate the product you can make money of the product, cause look at Gaga. She's the Creative Director of Polaroid." I like some the Gaga songs. What the fuck does she know about cameras? So it becomes all of this thing where all of the musicians- the musicians try to get more money by promoting other products, right? So you'll say "Hey, you know what? I've got this water and we've got, you know, we've got this red version. We got a red bottle, and we've got a David Beckham version here, then we got a blue version." So my opinion is no more than the patina on top of it, when I understand the reason from my core of why something should work all the way through. So, I understand we want to make it about music but I wanted to take this step to say, we got this new thing called "Classism". It's racism's cousin. This is what we do to hold people back. This is what we do. And we got this other thing we got that has been working for a long time where you don't have to be racist anymore it's called "Self-Hate"; it works on itself. It's like real estate of racism. Where, just like that, when someone comes up and says something like "I am a god", everybody says "Who does he think he is?" I just told you who I thought I am, a god! I just told you! That's who I think I am! Would it have been better if I had a song that said, "I am a nigga"? or if I had song that said "I am a gangsta"? or if I had song that said "I am a pimp"? All those color and patinas fit better on a person like me, right? But to say you are a god? Especially, when you got shipped over to the country that you're in, and your last name is a slave owners. How can you say that; how could you have that mentality?

ZL: I mean, I know in the past you've talked about, like, you know, building hotels, doing things beyond people's normal frame of reference. They know you as Kanye West, an artist. They know you're moving into fashion, but these things in a way I guess are hard on people to comprehend because they don't have that level of drive. Do you know what I mean? Has it always been like this for you? Have you always felt like you can set your mind on anything and you will achieve it, ultimately?

KW: I've always felt I can do anything. That's the main thing people are controlled by, thoughts- the perceptions of themselves. They're slowed down by the perception of themselves. If you're taught you can't do anything you won't do anything. I was taught I could do everything and I'm Kanye West at age 36. So just watch the next ten years.

ZL: Yea yea yea.
February 13 2014       University Park, PA, Bryce Jordan Center

February 14 2014       Baltimore, MD, Baltimore Arena

February 15 2014       Newark, NJ, Prudential Center

February 17 2014       Montreal, Quebec, Bell Centre

February 18 2014       Hamilton, Ontario, Copps Coliseum

February 19 2014       Albany, NY, Times Union Center

February 21 2014       Uncasville, CT, Mohegan Sun Arena

February 22 2014       Atlantic City, NJ, Boardwalk Hall

February 23 2014       Uniondale, NY, Nassau Coliseum
Well seeing that, I think I, maybe for one of the first times in my life, I understand how it is to feel humbled. I want to say some thank you's really quick. Thank God for Stephen Hill, who is so sincerely good at exactly what he does and gives so much and doesn't care about what Ghost somebody's driving or how big somebody's house is and brings the most awesome collection of classic, current, and futuristic black music every day. So make some noise for Stephen Hill to start this

So, since this is pre-taped and the fact that Adam Blackstone used to be my music director, I'm pretty sure he's not gonna start the music on me. If I go Chicago for a second, you know it was interesting when I went and visited Minister Louis Farrakhan, and I just really wanted to expand so much more on the things that I had been talking about over the past couple years. And it was interesting or groundbreaking and really special for me to see his reaction and his expression about my relationship with a woman not of color, and for us to focus on the idea of love and not the idea of separation. You know, at the barbershop and everything, I used to hear people talking about, "You know when an entertainer get on, of course you know he gon' go and get a white girl and buy her all this... and the white girl gon' go and get a rich black dude." But I want to say that my wife has dated broke black dudes. So it ain't got nothing to do with the money

And it takes me back to a story she told me where her father, Robert Kardashian, walked out, and on the side of his Bentley, they wrote "Nigger lover" because Robert Kardashian was the genius that put together the defense team that got O.J. off. She had never seen her father curse, get mad, he was the most laid back human being. And he went so crazy and tried to chase the people down, and she sat there crying and said, "Dad why you going so crazy?" He said to her, "One day you may have a black child. A beautiful, beautiful, beautiful black child. And it's gonna be hard, you're gonna see how hard it is."

So true enough, we deal with racism because there are different races, or the micro of it is that we focus on the different races, as opposed to the macro, which is the human race. The bit of soundbytes that everyone loved from last year that got taken out of context or misunderstood did come from a place of saying part of the reason why I'm not allowed to be empowered is because of race, because of people's perception of celebrity, because all they want to present to young black men is the idea of making it to the league or making it to be a rapper, but not the idea of becoming an owner. And they would do anything they can to make it seem like a truthful idea is a stupid idea or a crazy idea. Harriet Tubman said she could have freed so many more, and I'm sorry mom if that was incorrect English. Harriet Tubman could have freed more if they only knew they weren't free. So don't think that because we can afford this custom Balmain suit that we're free. And don't think that because we can buy a $300,000 car that we're free. And don't think that because it's 3% of a gated community that has colored people in it that we're free. It's the mentality, the slave mentality, where we all eventually become slaves to that car. Slaves to the perception. Slaves to the idea of being cool

I thought it was so appropriate the way Wayne Brady kicked his whole shit off tonight. For us to express ourselves. Our power, our oil, since we don't own any oil. Our oil is our expression, is our influence. Don't never let them take that away. And when we have the chance to express it and influence, don't only do it for us, do it for the human race
Zane Lowe: Nice to see you again man. Thanks for stopping by the BBC for a chat

Kanye West:  Good to see you too sir. Thank you

Zane Lowe: So, I was thinking today like where do we begin? Because you’ve been having some remarkable conversations lately, some really in depth, really interesting conversations addressing recent things that have gone on, you know, successes, things that have kind of made people think, talk amongst themselves and it got me thinking like, where were we last time. We were 18 months ago, not far from here and so much has changed in the last 18 months. The first question I wanted to ask you, cause I’ve always wondered how you felt at that time

Kanye West:  I had so many interviews where I’m trying to express that I can create, that I can create outside of just the music box and I’m giving examples of work that I did that was really successful and I’m getting just completely shut down. But not just by the company we talked about last time but every single company, every single company you could imagine is just like “no, you are celebrity. You are not allowed to create, you’re not allowed to think, you’re not allowed to have an opinion. You’re just here to wear a red leather jacket and shut up.” And it’s true that as a celebrity you can help to promote something quickly but no one wanted to allow me to think or be involved in the product and you know, as I told you last time I said I’m a product guy

Zane Lowe: Yea, and it was an electrifying conservation, and I mean, it felt like you were taking names that day, it felt like you were also trying to reach people that day and what’s occurred since you know is you have made serious moves into that world. You know, what’s happened recently with Yeezy supply, you know your deal with Adidas, how has that experience been overall for you now with product out and with peoples opinion about the shoes and about what they’ve seen -- how has that experience been for you? How can you put that into context for us?

Kanye West:  I mean, every day when you go to the gym or you go to work it’s a challenge. You gotta work hard and you have to completely, tirelessly, countlessly remind people of your vision no matter what. So that’s the way I’mma word it. You know what I’m saying, so we made it to a point where something extremely close, something almost to the level, something past the level of the vision finally hit the globe and Adidas was a company that was flexible enough and had been used to dealing with creatives enough to allow me to create something that was very close to my heart. You know, they original hip hop

Zane Lowe: Of course, Run DMC man I mean they were right there at the very beginning it was kind of a perfect partnership when it was announced, you know, not long after and I wondered when did the conversation actually begin with Adidias after you starting talking about your aspirations and what you wanted to achieve in that industry?

Kanye West:  That conversation had already started before then. There was a few conversations with a few companies with a few sportswear companies and um, I remember calling Jon Wexler you know, it was a certain point where I just felt like I couldn’t breathe anymore like I had all these ideas and I felt like I was literally gasping for oxygen because if anyone’s creative, you know like we have this idea of a mass market looking at a celebrity that owns a Lamborghini complaining about something. And anyone that’s creative understands that there’s no amount of money that can be given to them to make them not want to or have to create. There’s no check out and there’s no cheque to stop you from creative. No pun intended when I’m saying no check

Zane Lowe: Was a good one though

Kanye West:  Just even thinking about it takes the breath out of me because I mean, as soon as we got the opportunity to actually start making things, there were so many ideas. I mean I look at over 500 images a day on my laptop. And I remember I went into the whole thing about Hypebeast, you know I said “people be dissing me on Hypebeast” and it’s like wait a second, dude, like I been fighting this battle for a long time, since like Universe City. Like no one has any idea what the meeting were like. I’mma throw this one out here. I remember this one guy that worked for Francois Pinault the head of Kering Group came up in my apartment in Paris, while I was working on Yeezus and I had a meeting with him and it was related to doing a deal with Puma. And the guy, actually I forgot about the meeting right, so I had my jacket on and it was a jacket I had done with A.P.C. and I was about to leave, so he shows up at the door and we go to my dining room table and I’m sitting with him, and I tell him like yo I made this jacket. And he makes some joke about, you know “You did look pretty hot. I’m happy to know that you put on all those clothes for me.”

Zane Lowe: Was he joking do you think?

Kanye West:  He was leveling. He was leveling the conversation, this is what people do all the time. Like if I meet someone who I respect or I look up to, I will literally like kiss their feet. You know someone that I know that’s put in a lot of work. And it’s a lot of agents, a lot of people who work under the main guy that will level, that will try to level you. You know when they talk to you, they talk down to you. And I’m just sitting like “Whoa, ok.” Obviously I have to show him like hey I’m working on this stuff and it’s coming out good and this is all I have a chance to work on. You know like when I worked with A.P.C. I only had two times to look at the collection, you know I couldn’t really grab it and dig into it the way I dig into like working on “All Of The Lights” or something like that, it’s like, there’s a timeline, a cut-off switch, especially when you’re dealing with apparel and the way that people make apparel currently

Zane Lowe: I can imagine the frustration for you at that moment in time as you’re leading up to what has effectively occurred in the last year. Seeing something like you say, close to the vision you have in your mind. At those early stages, man the frustration of trying to get those ideas out and just like you said, and getting just levelled

Kanye West: Everyone, everyone I talked to would try to level me. You know. And then there was this guy named Hermann Deininger that was the head of Adidas. And I say “was” because he passed away recently. And I showed him what I shot in Qatar, the Cruel Summer film, that was using 7 screens, the surround vision idea which we’ve never shown online because you have to experience it in it’s space. It’s the same thing I showed Disney and Universal, and said you know this is the new frontier on the way we need to see film. And which I got all no’s on that – to date. And this guy Hermann saw it, and he believed. He believed that maybe I had something more than how big my rap record was. In me he could tell, he knew, he’s like this guy has something to say and to give that’s past the current box that he’s put in. And he made sure, Hermann and Jon Wexler made sure that Adidas deal got done. And the deal has nothing to do with the idea of the higher ups in society. The deal is all about the moment when I can bring a shoe to a kid a Foot Locker and get on my knees and take it back to when I worked at The Gap and put the shoes on his feet. That is what the deal is about. The deal is about when the star of a show is a 5 foot 3 girl, when there’s never been a 5 foot 3 girl as the star of any fashion show. The deal is when the kids came to 42 locations across the world to see Yeezy Season 1 x Adidas Originals launch and the excitement that was in that theater, and when they saw that line up, they saw that brigade, they reacted to it when they heard “Wolves," when they saw the boots, when they saw the runners, when they saw the matrix sweaters, when they saw all these things like hitting them back to back to back to back. This is what I fought for. None of this was about me having like a bigger house, a faster Lamborghini. It, like, it wasn't about that. It was about these kids having a moment. To be themselves. To be a stronger version, you know, of themselves. I make this stuff to empower people. I feel like there's so many things that are made to, you know, to wear the people as opposed to people wearing it. And I asked my assistant one time. I was like, "how does these clothes make you feel?" She said, "I feel powerful." And that's our, that's our main goal. As the song says, "no one man should have all that power." No one man should have it. Everyone should have it

Zane Lowe: You seem to be totally, well, a lot more aware of what it is that.. well, in a much, sort of like a more focused way you're able to know where you wanna be and what impact you wanna have. And it feels like you're very attached to the well-being of the people and what they can get out of this. You know, and across the border. And when that moment kind of occurred to you. Cause that doesn't happen overnight, you know.. there's.. but it does lead up to that. And 18 months ago you were fighting, you know, you were like really fighting to be heard. And now it seems to me like you're very consciously aware

Kanye West: Yeah, I was still off, you know what I mean? I might have some things that are off now, but I feel like, in the same way when I came up with "All Falls Down," and I was able to differentiate myself from whoever I was trying to rap like at that point and I found my voice and my message. It's like, I felt like..

Zane Lowe: That was the moment you felt like that was, yeah..

Kanye West: When I wrote "All Falls Down." That's when I was like, "okay, this is who I am in the.. this is what I'm, this is what I'm presenting." So now I feel like.. it's funny, I would always say, you know, "I wanna sculpt with marble." And it wasn't until I was working on Yeezus, and I was learning about furniture and the fact that I am a rich person that afforded me the opportunity to go to French flea markets and the galleries and buy, you know, like furniture that get charged, that rich people get charged a lot for. And one of the things they had was  this Le Corbusier lamp, and it was made of cement, and it was this beautiful sculpture that was...it really inspired me because he made it for Zeus, so he made it for everyone. And it was made of cement. So it wasn't the material, it was the idea that was the most important. And I always wanted the resources of LVMH, but it wasn't until I started taking the sensibility of proportion and color and finishing and applying it to fleece and jersey French terry which is a cement in comparison to, you know, the type of materials that Louis Vuitton might use. That I find a message, a voice, a reason, a reason to create. You know, it was a futile argument for me to say, "hey, everyone, get behind me so I can make another $5000 jacket that you can afford." It's like insane. But now I feel people rallying because they know that I wanna fight for H&M, Zara type concept and I know that Adidas can eventually get those price points. And I want to apologize to everyone right now because I believe that Season 1 may still be in that upper price point and there's still the words "exclusivity," you know, being thrown around. "Exclusivity" is the new N-word. Not nigga, "exclusivity." Am I saying the word right?

Zane Lowe: Yeah

Kanye West: Yeah, that is the new N-word. Cause nothing should be exclusive.  Everyone should have the opportunity to drink from the same fountain. The idea of exclusivity is a new colored-people fountain concept. And saying, "we're gonna overcharge sneaker culture guys to, you know, drink at the right fountain." You know, we have to reboot our mentality. Period. Of a generation. You know, it wouldn't even matter if I sold one sweatshirt. You know, as long as this interview gets done, and kids hear this and know this and or someone in position of power or someone that will be in a position of power in the future has a chance to make a difference. And they say someone who was at the lowest point grabbing at straws, express themselves freely, and overcame it through all adversary, all adversity, means that they can do the same thing. You know

Zane Lowe: Yeah. Because the thing is when people hear you talking at times I think that there's a genuine consensus from those cause believe me, you're compelling to a lot of people. And, you know, what you say is.. I think you have very unique views on things that should be heard. But some people I think have thought overtime  that.. they've obviously missed the point. They've thought that you bringing it back to you. But you're actually trying to open up to everybody else. You're trying to break down that barrier of exclusivity and say you know.. If you have to lead the way you have to lead the way. It might not end with you, but maybe if it starts with you is your point

Kanye West: And I was, I was using the wrong words. My rap was wrong. You know what I'm saying? I was getting the drinks, you know, thrown in my face as opposed to leaving with the girl at the end of the night. You know, cause imagine, think about the type of shit, wild shit you say in interviews. And imagine if someone said this very thing to a girl at a bar. "Yo, what up, baby? I'm a genius!" They be like, "yo, who's this guy?" "No, I'm telling you, I sold all this, I sold this many shoes." Then she be like, "yo, chill, chill." Like, "gosh, get me out of here already." You know what I'm saying? And that's who I was and that was that frustration I had cause I'm seeing like this.. I'm looking at this girl like, "man, I know that.."

Zane Lowe: "We could be good together, this could work."

Kanye West: Yeah, I know, I just don't know how to work it

Zane Lowe: So I'm messing it up, yeah

Kanye West: And the right way so I'm gonna stumble. I was like the 40 year old virgin of dealing with like corporations and stuff you know..

Zane Lowe: You're the 40 year old virgin of dealing with corporations?

Kanye West: Yeah. I did not know how to communicate at all. And it's like I had my point, my message was, you know, simply like, "your egg, my semen, we change the world." You know, and I imagine that that's gonna sound wrong

Zane Lowe: That's a hell of a pick up line, man

Kanye West: I mean, I like saying shit that sounds wrong anyway, you know, because wrong is okay, you know like..

Zane Lowe: It's okay, it's okay, wrong..

Kanye West: We have the right to be wrong sometimes

Zane Lowe: That's a great line. You know I wanted to talk to you.. when we started talking, you know, a while back, music was on my agenda because, you know, I mean, we talked a couple times before as well. And you know I'm a music guy, I mean, it really drives me, and it's a big part of my life. And over the course of this conversation, you know, I wanna ask you at some point what the future looks like and feels like to you cause I'm fascinated in the certain things I wanna touch on, but I do want to talk about your forthcoming, new record if that's cool. Do you want to talk about music?

Kanye West: Yeah

Zane Lowe: Cause to me it feels like over the course of that frustration last time you had to make sacrifices to be heard and it felt like you didn't really wanna talk about Yezus. You were like, "that's cool and everything, but I wanna talk about this." And lately, I just, maybe I'm, I feel like you're really energized with music in a big way

Kanye West: You know, after I did the presentation in New York I was able to get that alien out of my stomach, you know like. I was on a flight back in the morning to go shoot the "Blessings" video with Big Sean and Drake

Zane Lowe: Yeah

Kanye West: And I couldn't have been happier. To go and shoot this video with two of the hottest rappers in the game. Well, let's be respectful and truthful. The hottest rapper and one of the hottest rappers in the game. And I fall somewhere in that, you know? In that, that field. So..

Zane Lowe: Getting back to music for a minute, I feel like we're right back, I gotta bring you right back for a second. I want to know what we can look forward to on this record. You talked about cookout music, you talked about what this album represents. And every record you have made has been something new and fresh. You've taken yourself and your craft to a new place. Where's your head at right now with this new album?

Kanye West: Just working hard. On it

Zane Lowe: And it's fun?

Kanye West: And it's fun. And it's fun to work hard and we're being inventive and I've still got some, you know, a lot of opinions and perspectives that I think are important and very.. can be inspiring to people. That fight, and you know, The College Dropout came out of a fight to want to rap. And this new album is coming out of a fight of wanting to design. And..

Zane Lowe: I wondered about that, cause Yeezus was punk-rock to me. That was like, that was Sex Pistols to me. That was like Public Enemy to me. That was one of the records that stands as establishing an industrial, strong statement. And I wondered like where the desire is coming from on this record. And without giving away too much cause the proof is in the hearing, the joy is in the hearing. Where it's coming from

Kanye West: I mean, it's a joyful noise onto the Lord. Like, it is still, you know, the struggle, you know, but the beauty from the struggle. You know

Zane Lowe: As opposed to just the struggle?

Kanye West: Yea, the song Amazing Grace, you know coming out of the worst pain possible and making the most beautiful song you know, possible. You know I wanna perform “Only One” as many times as possible. You know could be vilified or misunderstood, and like I said I didn’t come here to be liked I came here to make a difference. I’m not talking about this interview, I’m talking about life. Some people’s job they’re very extremely likeable and I think I could figure that out. I think I’m way nicer to people just in general. Everyone I meet I’m extremely nice. But as soon as people start playing games I stop. I stop playing games. And at any moment I can hit that Ye button and we can go right back to day one. People be forgetting though, they be forgetting real quick. But it’s all love, and great energy and positive energy. I like the, I like the differences of views and our approach to music like when I’m sitting making music with Paul McCartney and I come in I have all these lists of complaints like “da-da-da-da-da!” and this happened and that happened and he say “Yo man, it’s all cool though! How bout we make a song?” And we just make song, after song after song after song after song after song

Zane Lowe: He is the most, cause I’ve met him many times now and he is just so tapped into the joy of making music. And he so gets it in the sense that it’s like kinda let it lead you. Let the song sorta lead you to where it needs to go is the vibe I get from him like yea, let’s just see where this goes

Kanye West: And yea that’s what we did. You know people think that our first two singles don’t have drums but both of those are percussive instruments

Zane Lowe: Yea totally that’s what he’s doing. That’s like “dun-dun-dun-dun-dun-dun” that’s what it is. S I just wanna talk about working with him because I haven’t actually seen too many people focus on that which surprises me, maybe I’m wrong, but I just, I love the idea of that collaboration occurring and it’s a natural one. Certainly on “FourFiveSeconds” I think that’s one of Rihanna’s greatest vocal performances period

Kanye West: She was killing that right?

Zane Lowe: My gosh man. I mean that’s like a whole other attitude that I haven’t heard from her as a star. She’s really gone inside that record and wrangled it. How was it making that and getting that song out cause it feels effortless to listen to, it almost has like a 70’s FM American rock, sort of country-rock radio vibe to it, you know what I mean, like something you would’ve heard in Los Angeles in ’76 or something

Kanye West: I mean I liked, I liked songs like that when I was growing up. And I mean the type of chord changes that Paul does, I don’t need to understand them, and to be able to be involved with that..

Zane Lowe: It’s because he invented them

Kanye West: Yea exactly. And be able to be involved with writing a song like that, it’s just like way next to, like meeting Paul McCartney is like meeting Ralph Lauren

Zane Lowe: Yea, totally!

Kanye West: It’s like “whoa!”

Zane Lowe: Dude he’s the greatest

Kanye West: The greatest of their field, period. Of all time

Zane Lowe: And you got to say “wildin’” in a song with him it’s just incredible cause it’s still hip hop, that’s what’s amazing about it

Kanye West: Yea the whole cadence was trap. Soon as Paul starts playing, I start singing in trap

Zane Lowe: That’s again is the fusion of cultures which I love. It’s what did you call it before when you when you were talking about Sean wearing [Raf?] and your shoes – you were saying, it’s -- I can’t remember what you said

Kanye West: Fusion is the future. Period. The mixing of ideas, the mixing of, know the two lunch tables working together, you know. Humanity period man, we’re one people and maybe that’s like incorrect English – I’m sorry mom – but you know I went to Louise Wilson’s memorial, you know the greatest fashion instructor of all time. And I’m talking about of all timers.

Zane Lowe: Educate us man, tell us

Kanye West: Ok so Louise Wilson was the baddest professor of all time of any fashion school, ever. Notorious for not letting people stop at a 7 or a 8, pushing people to a 12. So the first time that I saw one of her students Pheobe Philo's Céline collection, I was looking at a 12. When I saw McQueen’s last show the Atlantis collection, I was looking at a 12. Christopher Kane's Bandage collection I’m looking at a 12. Alber Elbaz I’m looking at a 12. That’s the designer, the designer of Lanvin which completely revolutionized the men’s sneaker, fashion sneaker industry. Last time I saw her we had dinner at Hakkasan which is my favourite restaurant in London and I think she knew that she was gonna pass and she just wanted to give me some words of advice moving forward and she was asking me about my daughter, asking me about my wife. And she said so many students, they don’t give it their all. And the problem is soon as they do anything halfway good, when they’re 2 years old, 3 years old, their parents clap

Zane Lowe: (clapping)

Kanye West: Exactly, that’s what she said, they clap. And she just looked at me, she said “Kanye, don’t clap.”

Zane Lowe: Aww, what, that’s just! How you getting on with that?

Kanye West: I didn’t know we were gonna lose her. You know I just um, and she told me she said, you know “thank you for the times you know, when we came to performances” and “this has like really meant a lot to me.” You know she would—

Zane Lowe Wanna take a minute? We’ll take a minute. Let’s take a minute

Kanye West: That’s never happened to me in an interview before

Zane Lowe: You ok?

Kanye West: Yea, I’m ok, I think I’m ok

Zane Lowe: We’re gonna change the subject. Here we go. One of the things you said recently which really kinda made me think was you know you really truly believe that you’re gonna be the head of the world’s first trillion dollar company and the first thing that sprang to my mind Kanye was what is that company going to look like?

Kanye West: Johnny Ive who is like, in my opinion from what I know, Elon Musk included, is like the world’s greatest living designer and has the best mentality behind design. And I said from what I know because there might be other, there might be some others, there are a lot that are great but Johnny Ive's the best that I know. He said that people are so concerned at being first as opposed to being better so I think that, I think innovation almost gets too much credit, in a way. So, if we talk about this type of company, it wouldn’t be a company of innovation because as Steve Stoute told me driving down the westside highway “there’s no money in the innovation.”

Zane Lowe: Yea, and he’s got a point

Kanye West: The money’s in the repetition, you know so..

Zane Lowe: It’s in the quality

Kanye West: And making something of better quality for more people. So it has to be a balance of both. I’ve said this a few times but I wanna just say it right here for people who haven’t read it or seen but I think people think that I pander to fashion particularly. You know because, people say “why fashion?” It’s not politics, world war it’s not that, it’s fashion, it’s just a jacket or something, it’s just a dress. But I believe that the world can only be saved through design. And I think that the fashion world has.. and when I say through design, I know it’s some snarky classist editor that’s gonna take that and say “Kanye West said that the world will be saved with a couture dress.” That’s not what I’m saying. The mentality behind design, you know art is to be free. Design is to fix

Zane Lowe: This is important, you’re talking about the actual, like you say the mentality, the purpose behind it, what it means behind the actual product

Kanye West: No politics, just truth. Does it fucking work or not. Irrigation, you know, that’s a form of design

Zane Lowe: What are those conversations like, because you, one of the great privileges that you’re in because you know you push yourself is that you get to find yourself in rooms with people that push themselves. So that conversations can be pushed. And I wonder what those conversations are like because I’m fascinated by somebody like Elon Musk and his absolute inability to be restrained by boundary. And you are very much cut from that same cloth. What is it like when you guys get together and do you talk about things as kind of obvious or [?] as what the future will feel like or is it more casual than that?

Kanye West: That’s exactly what we talk about. What does Kanye West and Elon Musk talk about? The fut’

Zane Lowe: The fut’ -- TM

Kanye West: So when I put out things that if I say hey, I want to work with Miucca Prada one day on highschool uniforms or something, I just put it out, you know. We just put it out there. Or as I told Obama last time I saw him, hey, I want, I would suggest that you sit with Elon Musk. I would suggest that both you guys go to China. I would suggest this. The, I think it may happen

Zane Lowe: Must be amazing, those conversations man must be amazing

Kanye West: I got scared of the idea you know someone call you crazy so many times you start to believe it. And I almost got scared of the idea of like going crazy in some way but I wasn’t going crazy, I was like the only person that wasn’t crazy. You know what I’m saying like, I just stand there and I just look like “is anyone else here seeing what I’m seeing? None of you guys are seeing what I’m seeing” or it’s just like your Maybach and your house is like that important that you won’t move at all

Zane Lowe: It’s distractions

Kanye West: That you won’t say anything at all in risk of losing something. You won’t say anything on anyone’s behalf at this point? You know so, if you have that ability to do that, to see that, you know that Walt Disney ability in some way, you have to apply it. You have to use it. You can’t be psyched out. You know, everyone’s on our side. I was just in my own way, but everyone’s on our side and everything that I ever said will happen, will happen. Just as much as you guys saw that Adidas Original Yeezys Season 1 presentation streamed to 42 locations and you saw that front row. The juxtaposition of the people in the front and second rows to where the people standing in the show had come from is the fusion and is the future. It is the glass shattering of the class system, which is the new racism. Class is the new way to discriminate against people, to hold people down, to hold people in a place based on where their kids go to school, how much money they make, what they drive, where they live and what type of clothes they have and how much, you know, how much they have in their account for their retirement. To somehow say that this person right here means more than this person. Like I know I tweeted Black Lives Matter but all lives matter. Like, my doorman is more important to me than any head of any company. He keeps us safe. My driver, keeps us safe and goes to work every day. The guy painting the windows at the house when we changed them from white to chocolate brown, you know what the architect suggested, he is just as important as anyone else that walks in that house and grabs a glass of champagne. It’s no more of this separation of what you came from, your race, financial background, education, talent level, beauty. Whatever it is that people use to separate people

Zane Lowe: But was that moment, which I didn’t want to talk about but you raised it and I want to actually bring this up because you have to learn from experience. You can’t have all those answers straight away, you have to make those mistakes yourself I think in order to come to that level of clarity

Kanye West: And I’m not saying I have answers, I’m just saying these are my current opinions. As I gave my current opinions a year ago, this is my current opinions now

Zane Lowe: Sure, sure, and that’s great, that’s what we want, that’s why I’m asking questions so we get to hear your answers. But when you, I think… Cause you know I was nominated for that Album Of The Year as well as part of the Sam Smith album as a producer and a co-writer

Kanye West: Oh, oh wow

Zane Lowe: Right, so I was at the awards ceremony with the other producers and co-writers that are part of each records. And, like I’m a huge fan of all the nominees that were nominated and I’m a huge fan of Beck and it’s funny that you say, you talk about everyone you want to get it to a place where people can exist in their own terms and that leaves it open for fusion. But then like you say you can just push a button and be back and be old Ye, you know old Yeezy. Is that what happened that night? Just “gaaah, I can’t take it I’ve gotta get up on this stage, I’ve gotta wild out.” Cause we all thought you were joking. You know what I thought was brilliant about that night? When you did it on the night, I was applauding because I was like, “that was Sun Tzu, that was Art of War.” He waited for the right platform, went up, pretended to do it, walked back down everyone’s like “aww, so funny” I was like “he just got the last laugh on this.” And then I woke up the next morning and it was like “naw, he’s not an artist” and I was like “aw man, I love that album!”

Kanye West: Yea, I never said that he’s not an artist

Zane Lowe: Ok, I’m misquoting you. But you were talking about artistry. And do you learn form those lessons yourself? Is that when you kind of get a little bit closer to understanding what you believe is really important? When you do things like and think, well maybe I did kinda misconstrue that

Kanye West: I think yea I misconstrued it but I think that everybody has a right to an opinion, everyone has a right to be wrong. You know, there could be a lot of people who feel Marshawn Lynch shoulda been handed the ball. But there’s a bunch of Patriots fans that are happy he didn’t get the ball. And everyone has a right to their opinion. You know, and I expressed my opinion, and I’ll take the weight of it

Zane Lowe: He’s great though. You know, he is great though. There’s three..

Kanye West: Naw you know as I said on the Charlamagne interview when I was ironically having dinner with Taylor Swift, the Beck song starts playing and I was like “this is really good… maybe I might’ve been wrong!” You know like, and uh..

Zane Lowe: It’s a great album man

Kanye West: And I hadn’t been in like 6 years. And the Grammy’s are definitely like an ex-girlfriend. Soon as you get in a car with them, you wanna go right back home

Zane Lowe: So we’re gonna get a record this year, and I’m excited to hear it, I really am excited to hear it, and as we draw closer to the end of this particular talk I want to do it once again bring it back to like, the thing that really --

Kanye West: only one thing I want to say, people say I’m a hypocrite right?

Zane Lowe: Some

Kanye West: People say that right?

Zane Lowe: Some

Kanye West: Yes, I am. 100%. I’m a human being. I’m super hypocritical. I can feel something one time and completely a different way another time. I do it in the design office. I do it in the studio. I’m super hypo- I really love this, I do it when I get dressed. “I love this” (tsk, tsk) “I hate this!”

Zane Lowe: How long does it take you to get dressed on a daily basis?

Kanye West: 3 minutes. 2 minutes. Bars

Zane Lowe: How long does it take your wife to get dressed every day?

Kanye West: Sometimes 5 minutes, sometimes longer. I mean she’s a woman

Zane Lowe: Course. You know it seems that um, you know what I love about “Only One” is the interaction and the way that you’ve been able to create different generations of your life and of your family communicating with one another, through one another, as a portal. And I love that. And I think it’s one of those songs that successfully does that. And um, I’m a father, you’re a father, it’s the greatest thing of all time. No question about it, it is the great level of all time, it’s the greatest thing of all time. And, you know your daughter is what, 18 months now? 18 months old? You an only child?

Kanye West: Yes

Zane Lowe: Do you think about giving her brothers and sisters? Do you think about your upbringing and what you went through and how you feel in this life and what it means to have siblings?

Kanye West: Oh, I’m practicing really hard. I try as many times a day as I can. Nori this one is for you! You need a sibling!

Zane Lowe: For all the good ones, and all the ones where everyone’s like totally engaged with everything you’re saying, for right or for wrong or whatever, I think you’ve got it totally sussed. I think you know you absolutely know that you’ve talked recently about being the villain, like how you know everyone wants the villain and everyone does well when the villain opens his mouth kinda thing. But then at the end of the day you can go on another interview and you can show a really softer side and a very understanding and very human side that people who know you will tell me you totally are, 100%. And it’s so funny it goes from like “Boooo!” to like “Yeaaaa!” to like “Boooo!” to like “Yeaaaa!” and it’s like, I think you’ve got it sussed, I think you know what’s going on all the time with all of this

Kanye West: You win some games and you lose some

Zane Lowe: You win or you learn right?

Kanye West: Yea, you win or you learn. Bam, there’s a jewel, I’ll take that one with me

Zane Lowe: Right on, quote book. So album this year, sneak attack, no doubt, no question, sneak attack’s coming and um, and there was a leaked poster that came out as well, you gonna tour with Rihanna? Is that out there now? Has that been confirmed or not confirmed, or what the story with that it?

Kanye West: I don’t believe I’m supposed to confirm or not confirm

Zane Lowe: So that’s happening. I’ve been long enough in the tooth to know what that means! Um, but needless to say you’re excited about returning to the stage in some capacity this year and we’re looking forward to new music this year

Kanye West: Yea, and I been doing a few performances since doing the SNL performance, did a couple performances out here and of course gonna do the Brits. I’ve been really liking these performances. I feel like these are like the performance version of that you know Drake, you know of the 6 God album, of the you know If you’re Reading This It’s Too Late. I feel like I’m a visual extension of what he’s doing like sonically

Zane Lowe: Can we talk about Drake for a second cause he’s just to me he’s the monster at the moment out there

Kanye West: You know… that shit is good yo!

Zane Lowe: Dude, “6PM in New York” – that moment when he’s like opening up and telling the truth about how he feels about his detractors and he’s just basically just opening up what’s going on is my real honesty, not guarding himself or hiding away with any bravado or anything. Just like you know, “they scream my weaknesses and whisper my accomplishments” like pffff I mean that moment for me is just like, that’s what, I mean I love that about him that he’s totally open in the sense

Kanye West: I mean yea, that element is great. There’s a lot of people that can’t rap that can do that. But the main thing is that fact that he’s delivering you know a level of product – as I said last interview, I’m a product guy – and he’s delivering a level of product to humanity that is of high quality. It works. 80% of the time works all the time!

Zane Lowe: That doesn’t make sense!

Kanye West: Haha, but it works. It works. You know what I’m saying. And you have to.. it works. That’s it. And I was just thinking like, I don’t have any advice for this young man, but what I can say is run. Fly. Go as fast as you can. Don’t stop. And you know any time I can be of any service, advice, you know a beat, verse, you know whatever you need. You need some confidential design advice with the shoes you doing over at the other company, I’m not supposed to say that! You know anything that we can collectively do to deliver more awesomeness to the world as a team. You know, not just me and him. Us all

Zane Lowe: Thanks man. I always love talking with you bro, I really do. Alright we’re good

Kanye West: Got some vibes? Bars?

Zane Lowe: Bars!

Kanye West: More bars!
That's Not Me
Mercy
German Whip
96 Fuckries
Cold
So Appalled
CyHi Freestyle
Blessings
All Me (Drake cover)
Clique
RBX
Shutdown
New Slaves
Wolves
U Mad
Power
Can't Tell Me Nothing
I Don’t Fuck With You
All Of The Lights
Good Life
Jesus Walks
It Ain’t Safe
Don’t Like
Black Skinhead
Blood On The Leaves
C.R.E.A.M. (Wu-Tang Clan cover with Raekwon)
All Day
All Day
[Produced by Kanye West & Mike Dean]

[Intro]
*Skit*

[Hook]
I don't wanna be famous, I just wanna be rich
40 mill with some acres, makeup for my bitch
I don't fuck with these niggas, stop pretending and shit
I don't wanna be famous, I just wanna be rich

[Verse 1]
I don't wanna be famous
Fuck around, be a Lennon and a fan leave you brainless
All in the paper, gettin' buried  by a neighbor
While all of your relatives spendin' all the money that you gave 'em
Fuck it, don't save 'em
Let that boy drown if he don't float, guess he wasn't made for it
My nigga hold it, hold it down, listenin' to underground
Poppin' knuckles cause these niggas wanna bring me down
Put your face in the dirt like 4th down
Niggas wanna test, but we will never fail
I'm layin' low in my day clothes
Can't get a fuckin' meal at Pollo Loco without takin' photos
Man, these little crazy niggas (loco)

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
I don't wanna be famous
Flip a finger, middle finger, let 'em know that I'm dangerous
All my niggas bangers, Chevy riding swingers
And my bitch'll fight ya, Hilary Swank ya
Take your bitch, we ain't even swingers
Nigga, try your luck, think it's all entertainment
You all in arraignment, snitchin' to the plaintiff
Who, what, where? My niggas stay nameless
Knock down yo' doo' for that dough
My niggas they go when I say go
These bitches fuckin' cause they hoes
They hoes for that motherfuckin' fame

[Hook]

[Outro]
We don't fuck with you, we don't fuck with you
I don't need the proof
We don't fuck with you, we don't fuck with you
Nigga, that's the proof
Niggas talkin', that's bulletproof
Run and shoot
Niggas talkin' like they bulletproof
My niggas, they run and shoot

[Skit]
[Kanye West]

Y'all might as well get the music ready because this finna' take a while
Umm, When I had my accident I found out at that moment nothing in life is promised except death,
If you had the opportunity to play this game of life
you need to arpeeeciate every moment
a lot of people don't appreciate their moment until it's passed

[Crowd applauds]

[Kanye West]
And then, you got to tell those Al Bundy stories "You remember when I ?"
But, Right now is my time and my moment thanks to the fans, thanks to the accident, thanks to god, thanks to Roc-A-Fella, Jay-Z, Dame Dash, G, my mother, Rhymefest everyone that's helped me
And I plan to celebrate, I plan to celebrate and scream and pop champagne every chance I get becasue i'm at the grammys baby!

[Crowd aplauds]

I know everybody's asking the question, they wanted know "I know he's going to wild out, I know he's going to do something crazy"
Everbody wanted to know what I would do if I didn't win.

[Moment of silence]

[Kanye West]
I guess we'll never know.

[Crowd cheers]
I don't even know what he said, I just know that the Grammys, if they want real artists to keep coming back, they need to stop playing with us. We ain't finna play with them no more. "***Flawless", Beyoncé video. And Beck needs to respect artistry, and he should've given his award to Beyoncé. And at this point, we're tired of it. Because what happens is, when you keep on diminishing art and not respecting the craft and smacking people in their face after they deliver monumental feats of music, you're disrespectful to inspiration. We as musicians have to inspire people who go to work every day, and they listen to that Beyoncé album and they feel like it takes them to another place. Then they do this whole promotional event, they'll run the music over somebody’s speech, the artist, because they want commercial advertising. Like, no, we not playing with them no more. By the way, I got my wife, I got my daughter and I got my clothing line, so I'm not going to do nothing to put my daughter at risk but I am here to fight for creativity. That's the reason why I didn’t say anything tonight. But y'all know what it meant when 'Ye walks on the stage
[Click here for the soundtrack to this post]

I remember when i got my 2nd car in 2005. It was an '02 Honda Accord SE. Leather seats, 4 doors, but it had a wack stereo with a cassette deck. I was having none of this shit, so as soon as I got a $1000 christmas bonus at the newspaper i was working at, i went straight to the speaker shop. I blew my entire bonus on a PHAT speaker system and getting my windows tinted. I remember rolling out of the shop and the first CD i had in the booklet was Kanye's Late Registration (a burned copy of course). I popped it in, "Heard 'Em Say" started bumpin' and i was ROLLIN HARD! This beat was so money...Kanye had been a great producer from the get-go, but he was coming into his own as a rapper. Fast forward to 2013 and he's basically the biggest rapper on the planet. Forget the chill vibes of "Heard 'Em Say"...Adam Levine? Ha...hell no. Kanye's got wayy too much to get off his chest on Yeezus to fuck with Maroon 5. This is a guy on top of the world...literally. And looking at the world through his eyes is nothing short of fascinating





Yeezus is wayyyy more than rap. We see this the minute the album opens, on "On Sight" and Yeezy ain't fuckin around. He's got Daft Punk AND Benji B producing the track with him? The result is some HEAVY synth that's nothing short of cosmic. Think of the club in that new Tron movie where Daft Punk was playing. If you were at some club in the matrix or in outer space somewhere, this is the beat you'd be hearing. 'Ye intersperses a sick soul sample and just goes off on a tirade, highlighted by gems like:
How much do I not give a fuck?
Let me show you right now 'fore you give it upOk..I see where this is going. Right into another Daft Punk collabo on "Black Skinhead." A track filled with HUGE drum hits that he dropped a dark and often times terrifying interactive video for. This is not just some regular-ass album release. This is next-level shit. We see him just not giving a fuck by dropping perhaps the most disputed lyric of the year:
I keep it 300, like the Romans
300 bitches, where the Trojans?Can't tell you how many fan boys and girls were FURIOUS at this one. "It wasn't the Romans in that movie! It was the Spartans!" But man, Kanye delivers it with such emphasis. He doesn't stutter for a second and he's so wrapped up in the beat. It's like the brilliant thespian who skips a line and you don't even notice, you're just enamored with the performance. He got everyone talking with this slip-up, or was it?

Everything seemed so calculated with this album and it was genius stroke after genius stroke. The first taste we got of the record was the global premier of the "New Slaves" video. A cryptic map on his website showed the locations of this video projection in major cities around the world. I was in San Francisco at the time and trekked down to 2nd & Mission at 11pm with a buddy and a flask. This was some guerilla shit for sure. These surly dudes showed up with a full-size pickup truck and what looked like a 200 pound projector. The surly dudes pulled up the projector with all their weight to position it and they beamed Kanye up on a high rise in the financial district that was maybe 300 yards away. This was surreal. The video played three times in a row while the music blared on a single massive speaker. By the 3rd time, we were rappin' along. Sharing booze, dancing in the street. It was so dope. As it ended, i yelled out a scream "let's go to the next one!" and we trekked over to Union Square for the 1145 showing. THIS is what being a star is about these days. How you gonna top what the last guy did?! And there was nothing that felt contrived about it. You could feel Kanye's emotion on the Big Brother-like projection of his head against a building




In fact, this is the quality that sets Kanye apart, nothing feels fake. If you've seen interviews with the guy, he has SO much emotion. He truly believes in everything he says. THIS is art. Dude can say shit like "I Am a God" and it ain't tongue in cheek at all. He knows the masses are hanging on his every word, just licking their chops waiting to derive meaning from it, waiting to break it down. THIS is the lens through which he looks at the world. He's the face on the side of the building and you either soak it all up and act like you belong there with every inch of your body, or you don't cease the spotlight and become just another singer. But don't think that the spotlight doesn't get to him. It pisses him off. The ravenous media attention and countless organizations calling for his head infuriate him and it makes his expression that much more real and defining




For all the anger, for all the lines like "Put my fist in her like a civil rights sign," there's beautiful prose and social commentary with the impeccable Nina Simone sampled on "Blood on the Leaves." He goes straight for the jugular with the provocative subject matter and puts difficult conversations at the forefront. "Blood on the Leaves" is a masterpiece. Do yourself a favor and read the annotations on Rap Genius, especially the words on the production of this song. There's no issue this man is not ready to bring up. And I'm just scratching the surface. I could write into the night on this album. We could sit here and talk about Kanye's ability to elevate a talent like Justin Vernon to the top of the indie rock world. We could re-hash his words in the countless interviews and rants, but there's no way i could do it as well as the users on Rap Genius already have done (in fact, to bring authenticity and the right frames of reference to this post, i've collaborated with Kanye's top scholar on RG to make many of the annotations you're reading right now.) The annotated Yeezus is some of the richest content on the entire site. Dissecting every stanza, every beat, every move of this album, for the monumental accomplishment that it is. Even Lou Reed thinks so. LOU FUCKING REED! Read his words, crumble your preconceived notion of Mr. West if you don't like him, if only for a moment, to look into what his music and his ART is made of. Cause it's unlike anything that's ever been done and there's much more to come....
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

To listen to any of the albums on our countdown, check out our spotify playlist here

Peep the archives of all of the albums reviewed up to this point

#8 is due up tomorrow!
[Mike Myers]: With the breach of three levees protecting New Orleans, the landscape of the city has changed dramatically, tragically, and perhaps irreversibly. There is now over twenty-five feet of water where there was once city streets and thriving neighbourhoods.

[Kanye West]: I hate the way they portray us in the media. If you see a black family, it says “they’re looting.” If you see a white family, it says “they’re looking for food.” And you know, it’s been five days because most of the people are black and even for me to complain about I would be a hypocrite because I’ve tried to turn away from the TV because it’s too hard to watch. I’ve even been shopping before even giving a donation.  So now I’m calling my business manager right now to see what’s… what is the biggest amount I can give and… and just to imagine if I was… if I was down there and those are… those are my people down there. So anybody out there that wants to do anything that we can help. With… with the setup, the way America is set up to help the…uh the uh, the poor, the… the black people, the uh… the less well-off as slow as possible. I mean, this is, Red Cross is doing everything they can. We… we already realize a lot of the people that could help are at war, right now, fighting another way, and they’ve… they’ve given them permission to go down and shoot us.

[Mike Myers]: And subtle and but in even many ways more profoundly devastating is the lasting damage to the survivors’ will to rebuild and remain in the area. The destruction of the spirit of the people of Southern Louisiana and Mississippi may end up being the most tragic loss of all.

[Kanye West]: George Bush doesn’t care about black people.
[Produced by Jon Brion & Kanye West]

[Hook]
Why everything that's supposed to be bad make me feel so good?
Everything they told me not to is exactly what I would
Man, I tried to stop man, I tried the best I could
But (You make me smile)

[Verse 1]
What's your addiction? Is it money? Is it girls? Is it weed?
I've been afflicted by not one, not two, but all three
She's got the same thing, about me, but more, about us
She's coming over, so I guess, that means, I'm her drugs
Just let me peek now, I mean damn, I'm so curious
She's got a lover, so the lies, and the lust, is a rush
Time's of the essence, I need, you to be spontaneous
Roll up the doja, Henny and Coca-Cola
Then I'm co coming over cause it's never over

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
I see the emotion in your eyes, that you, try not to show
We get the closest when you high, or you drunk, or you blown
So I pour the potion, so we could both get high, as we could go
Then I'll get the lotion, and do somethin' to me, when your thighs is exposed
There's no turning back now, I mean I don't mean to impose
Not now but right now, I need you to undress, and then pose
I'm into that now, catch a vibe, when the doors, get closed
Roll up the doja, Henny and Coca Cola
And I keep co coming over cause it's never over

[Hook]

[Outro]
I just wanted to ask you
Just wanted to um, let me, how would I put this uhh
Let's say all your friends, remember the one
You said if you ever she would be the one
Ok, ok, ok (You make me smile with my heart)
I was thinking, hypothetically
I mean don't take this seriously
Don't take me: I mean just, uhh, not credibly
I'm feeling incredibly, I mean let it be
I just let it be
I mean you, her and me (You make me smile with my heart)
I mean you, her and me
Maybe, baby, baby
You know I was just kidding
Unless you gon' do it (You make me smile)
[Intro]
It was all a dream

[Refrain: Faith Evans]
Last night I had a dream
Thoughts was racin through my head, it was all a dream
Felt so real to me
This is what was said

[Verse 1: Jay-Z]
Had a dream I said
Bout who he said
Bout B.I.G. I said
That's big he said
Dig what he said, proceed he said
Indeed I said, so
Breathe I did
Don't repeat what I say I said, he said nothing
He agreed with his head
He just nodded like this
What I believe to be a yes I repeated what was said
It came to me like a whisper last evening I said
What's the deal playboy, was the greeting he said
First thing I wanted to know, what's the reason he was dead?
More money, more problems, better believe it he said
Careful what you wish for you might receive it he said
"I see" I said, "jealousy" I said
Got the whole industry mad at me I said
Then B.I. said, Hov remind yourself
Nobody built like you, you designed yourself
I agree I said, my one of a kind self
Getting stoned every day like Jesus did
What he said, I said, has been said before
Just keep doin your thing he said, say no more

[Refrain]

[Faith Evans]
Was it all a dream - tell me
Was it all a dream, was it a dream
Was it all a dre-eeee-eeeee-eeam
I gotta know {*"It was all a dream"*}
Was it all a dream - was it a dream
Was it all a dream, a dream
Was it all a dre-eeee-eeeee-eeam

[Verse 2: Notorious B.I.G.]
It was all a dream
I used to read Word Up! magazine
Salt-n-Pepa and Heavy D up in the limousine
Hanging pictures on my wall
Every Saturday, Rap Attack, Mr. Magic, Marley Marl
I let my tape rock til my tape popped
Smoking weed and bamboo, sipping on private stock
Way back, when I had the red and black lumberjack
With the hat to match
Remember Rapping Duke, duh-ha, duh-ha
You never thought that hip-hop would take it this far
Now I'm in the limelight cause I rhyme tight
Time to get paid, blow up like the ........
Born sinner, the opposite of a winner
Remember when I used to eat sardines for dinner
Peace to Ron G, Brucey B, Kid Capri
Funkmaster Flex, Lovebug Starsky
I'm blowing up like you thought I would
Call the crib, same number same hood, it's all good
And if you don't know, now you know, nigga

[Verse 3: Jay-Z, acapella]
I see I said, jealousy I said
Got the whole industry mad at me I said
Then B.I. said, Hov remind yourself
Nobody built like you, you designed yourself
I agree I said, my one of a kind self
Get stoned every day like Jesus did
What he said, I said, has been said before
Just keep doin your thing he said, say no more
Gimme that '94 Puff shit, Ali
I'm so appalled, Louis Vuitton draws
The shit, a booth for me is a bathroom stall
If you're not fond of me, you're comedy, Little Duval
I have a lot of flaws, I'm human before all
I wake up in the morning smell some coffee, then tell your bitch to get off me
Mos Def, word to every autopsy
Man that boy bad, man that boy spaz
'Til he crash like Sandra Bullock and Luda on the ave
He changed his name, he a conscious rapper
Naw mutha'fucka I'm just Compton's rapper
I might spit some intricate shit for retards not to get
But really I'm just as rude as Marshall Mathers
Is that a contradiction? He contradicting himself again?
Of course that's a contradiction, the fuck you think life is?
We not like like Christ is
We all want ices and devices to make the bitches say I like this
People don't understand why I went southpaw
I looked in the mirror and said I can't be like y'all
I can't be like Game, I can't be like Eazy
To get in this rap game, I know it won't be easy
Cause my shit different
I know
He from Compton, where he from, have he killed before?
Truth is, I ain't the most ruthless, but I'm not cupid
Before she had two kids my momma worked two gigs
To get out Chicago
To move right back to another ghetto, on Sante Fe playing the lotto
I used to want a champagne two door Tahoe
Until I seen that same truck shot by five-o
Dead with his eyes closed, y'all should've seen him
Off a gallon of cough syrup, but rifles had leaned him
That's why these tough rappers man I don't believe 'em
Y'all wanna be 'em, I wanna grab bats and beat 'em
So they can feel the pain of the blocks I'm from
Where my heart turned numb
And the powder and the shells come up off that gun
Come up off your chain, or come up off your life and have a fatherless son
It's the syllabus for the ignorant militant mind
'quivalent crimes for jail sentencin'
No one preventin' this war
You sure, you sure
Sure as the edges on every ocean, now let's explore
The Kendrick Lamar LP I been promotin' for 'bout a month
Don't worry its comin' soon, like a fast nut
I never be gassed up, some labels they passed up
Now the industry crashin', I guess they got bad luck
Your bad, you don't write neither? There goes another fad
Shit I write ether
I get it in like the Vanna on Wheel of Fortune forcin' your forfeit
With the strength of the prime forces of four fork lifts
This is very extra necessary
This extra scary, this is Amityville
This the Exorcist on ecstasy pills
And if I can't do it my integrity will
Head dog wishes, every Compton bitch is
I mean this shit is
Fucking ridiculous
Fucking ridiculous
They all got a fat ass but lower case titties
Now I gotta mix and match, jungle fever, white and black
Double D, Brittney, Becky get your mouth intact
Reg call 'em Jabberjaw, she gon' hop skip and jog
Just to read my twitter blog
Man these hoes pitiful
And to you bloggers that say I'm weak
You know how long I took to chop this fuckin' beat?
Y'all don't 'preciate shit
All y'all do is hate shit
And if I don't say shit y'all still say I ain't shit
And that's ridiculous
I mean that shit is
Fucking ridiculous
[Produced by Velous, Kanye West, Diddy and Charlie Heat; Co-produced by Mike Dean, French Montana and Noah Goldstein; Additional production by Plain Pat, Travi$ Scott, Allen Ritter & Mario Winans]

[Intro: Kanye West (Theophilus London)]
All day, nigga
(Dance, ayy, ayy ayy ayy)

[Hook 1: Kanye West]
All day, nigga
How long you niggas ball? All day, nigga
How much time you spent at the mall? All day, nigga
How many runners do you got on call? All day, nigga
Swish, swish, how long they keep you in court? All day, nigga
Take you to get this fly? All day, nigga
Tell your P.O. how-how long you been high? All day, nigga
You already know I’m straight from the Chi, all day, nigga
South, south, south side! All day, nigga

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
This Ye, nigga
Shoppin' for the winter and it’s just May, nigga
Ball so hard, man, this shit cray, nigga
And you ain't gettin' money 'less you got eight figures
For that Jesus piece, man, I've been saved, nigga
Just talked to Farrakhan, that's sensei, nigga
Told him I've been on timbs since the 10th grade, nigga
Got a middle finger longer than Dikembe, my nigga, uh
I don't let 'em play with me
I don't let 'em talk to me no kind of way
Uh, they better watch what they say to me
Niggas still gettin' popped on the day to day
Yeah, I still got the hundred with the small face, nigga
Might spend 50 racks on my off day, nigga
You a fake Denzel like the Allstate nigga
If you run into me, better have Allstate with yah
You a Rico Suave nigga
Ride 'round listen to Sade, nigga
If you ain't with us, you in our way, nigga
You an actor, you should be on Broadway, nigga
Cause you do shit the broad way, nigga
Your bitch got a ass, but my broad way thicker
Late for the class, in the hallway, nigga
Yeah, the dropout at it as always nigga, as always
All day, nigga

[Refrain: Allan Kingdom]
I took a young sweet breath, and I reached into my Earth
Gave him what I had left
At that moment I dispersed
At that moment I dispersed

[Hook 2: Kanye West]
All day, nigga
How-h-how long you ball? All day, nigga
How much time you spent at the mall? All day, nigga
How long it take you to get this fly? All day, nigga
Tell your P.O. how-how long you been high? All day, nigga
Pour some Hen out for my niggas that died, all day, nigga
And I keep a bad bitch on the passenger side, all day, nigga
You already know I’m straight from the Chi, all day, nigga
South, south, south side! All day, nigga

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
I could do this all day, boy, I'm finna turn this bitch out
They need that Ye in the streets, boy, there's been a mothafuckin' drought
Don't really matter what I make, boy, you know I still go wild
Like a light skinned slave, boy, we in the mothafuckin' house!
Right now, you lookin' real sus right now
I swear I've been on this flight like a month right now
Stupid niggas gettin' money, Forrest Gump right now
Shout-out to Jackie Chan, I need to stunt right now
They've been lookin' at the Gram, I've been lookin' at the Grammys
Like, huh, that's us right now
24/7, 365 days, everybody gettin' paid
Niggas lookin' at me like I'm worth both MJs
People saying, "Ye, Ye, take it easy"
20 Gs for the Yeezys off of eBay
Niggas do the most and they ain't done shit
Only way I can sum it up, sumbitch

[Bridge: Theophilius London (Kanye West)]
(Hands up, hands up)
So won't you dance? ayy, ayy ayy ayy
(All day, nigga)

[Refrain: Allan Kingdom]

[Break: Kanye West]
Get low, alright
Get low, alright
What up? Alright, alright
Stay low, alright
Stay low, alright
Stay low, alright
South, south, south side! All day, nigga

[Guitar Interlude: Paul McCartney]
Whistling

[Outro: Paul McCartney]
Well, well, well, let me run (let me run)
Let me run to see who came undone
You've been right in my face
Let me run 'til you're off my case
Whooooa (x8)
